0	microsoft, i may not prefer your gaming branch of business. but, you do make a damn fine operating system. windows10 microsoft
0	just ordered my 1st ever tablet; microsoft surface pro 3, i7/8gb 512gb ssd. hopefully it works out for dev to replace my laptop =)
0	sunday morning, quiet day so time to welcome in windows10 microsoft windows
0	innovation for jobs is just around the corner - to be exact next wednesday 8/19 at microsoft
0	vote for aiesec to become the 10th global non profit partner of microsoft for us to upgradeyourworld together. aiesecgermany
0	top 5 most searched for back-to-school topics -- the list may surprise you bing msftnews backtoschool microsoft
0	trucker_squigz microsoft mispeedway nationwide88 cant wait to see you up here. i will be at the race on sun
0	scottarbeit gabeaul microsoft isntall the newest version and you may chance your mind!
0	taehongmin1 we have an iot workshop by microsoft at 11pm on the friday - definitely worth going for inspiration! hacktheplanet
0	pax prime thursday is overloaded for me with microsoft and nintendo indie events going down. also, cider!!! :p
0	i traveled to redmond today. i'm visiting with microsoft sqlserver engineers tomorrow - at their invitation. feeling excited.
0	have you heard the news? our next meetup is on september 10th with ryan berry of microsoft! rsvp now for free -&gt;
0	we're excited to learn about cloud analytics from microsoft tomorrow! join us tech rva
0	pet adoptions are $10 this friday bfas_la thanks to microsoft windows. upgradeyourworld with a new best friend!
0	register 4 the nacr skype for business event with microsoft for sept 16th chevy chase, md skype4b contactcenter
0	did you know our lunch&amp;learns are now open to the public? join us on august 31 with asaunders from microsoft!
0	microsoft may just reinvent personal computing via businessinsider hololens microsoft
0	microsoft - congratulations on the 20th birth anniversary of windows 95. 20 years since we've come to love you (&amp; backward compatibility)
0	looks like microsoft may still be in the handset/smartphone business! surfacephone windows10
0	suzannemalveaux hollyrpeete microsoft sfujita55 teamgleason rocsidiaz fyi suzanne was my 1st choice 2 b my biographer but god made it
0	enjoying feasibility workshop replacing cognos with microsoft bi. 4th customer in less than a year!
0	business google microsoft - nothing new under the sun! history always repeats! bershidsky - brilliant article, thanks.
0	startup your monday in the right way. apply 2 our pitch battle by microsoft at jointheuprise
0	i can't wait to speak at microsoft's msapc2015 event tomorrow, then fly to nyc for the weekend, &amp; then inbound15!
0	happy hour at microsoft msapc2015 with sarahvaughan and friends. good luck for tomorrow's keynote
0	llvm 3.7 is the 2nd release to incorporate contributions from my team at microsoft. congrats to all involved! :)
0	kasweshilwiimbo microsoft will be presenting on the 4th i will come we talk about some stuff
0	every time i use a paperclip i think of clippy from microsoft word. he may have (finally) left my screen, but he will never leave my brain!
0	all ngo/npos should know about techsoup: free/very low-cost software from symantec, microsoft adobe &amp; lots more!
0	festivaluprise microsoft good luck to all pitch battlers. may the best pitch win!
0	thank you to microsoft for inviting us to join them at the ibcshow in amsterdam next thursday -
0	should you upgrade to microsoft's new os, windows10? lunch-and-learn, in palmcoast, this wednesday, sept 9th:
0	producers catch me in dallas sept 12th at the microsoft event. also at a3c in atl for the on the spot beat shopping!
0	clayton_simms microsoft i might but i'm gonna wait a bit to see if they patch it. you coming sat?
0	that may just be the most shocking moment of todays appleevent, microsoft doing a demo on the new ipadpro.....
0	6 years ago this weekend, i saw ac/dc at united center on a friday and blink-182 in tinley the next day. it was the best weekend ever.
0	take the highway to dundas and check out ftatr (ac/dc cover band) on sat at 6pm on the main stage! dundascactus40
0	can't beat it. friday night, no kids, a few beers, listening to taylor swift....no, wait! i meant ac/dc. motorhead!
0	requests for oasis, steve miller band, ac/dc, big country &amp; the banter thiefs all make the cut for tomorrow's mfclive playlist.
0	mikkic1115 yes i'll be there. also have ac/dc on the 26th and buckcherry at starland on the 28th before the carney!
0	annkillion best day on the green for me was aerosmith, foreigner, pat travers, van halen, ac/dc, (july 23, 1978).
0	suziperry also i am off to new york in 7 days to see ac/dc (my ultimate faves) for the 29th time-followed by van halen the night after!
0	going from ac/dc to abba and back again is quite the mind fuck on a saturday morning! thank goodness i can handle it!! fizzbuttoncc
0	listening to early, live, ac/dc, covering chuck berry, while driving a black capri, with the windows down, in the sun. it's a good day.
0	hello lovelies again! super sunday. thai food, ac/dc raunchy dancing during warm up, you lot and the boys. more season 1, i'm a lucky woman
0	ac/dc with vintage trouble at gillette stadium on sat, 8/22! limited tix are available at
0	when you realize classes start the 9th so the ac/dc concert will be the best concert since eminem and jay-z thatwasgoat
0	just turned 16. hitched from newcastle to get there. went for ac/dc, left obsessed with van halen. carefree days.
0	1981 gino is pretty damn impressed with 2015 gino for going to see ac/dc in foxborough on saturday.
0	i have 2 extra tickets (on the field!) for the ac/dc concert on saturday night at gillette stadium. i'm looking...
0	back in black by ac/dc was no.1 in the uk album charts on 18 august 1980
0	ac/dc will win rock1000 with thunderstruck! has not won before but come 2nd at least once! therockfm
0	fuck it. closed the job down early to grab a flight to boston for ac/dc concert tomorrow. ride the highs of free money yo. lookoutboston
0	[reddit] - if you're going to ac/dc tomorrow at gillette, don't forget your free brady shirt!
0	goldenbrookss hab4lyf73 right now, don't have any for the weekend. by tuesday heading to ac/dc concert and then nyc!
0	ericfisher cbsboston eric, how is the weather for the ac/dc concert tomorrow night at gillette looking?
0	surprising my mom with ac/dc tickets for wednesday. just going to show up
0	sitting 14th row for ac/dc tonight!! let's go!
0	still can't believe i'm going to see ac/dc tomorrow
0	having dinner with maysoonzayid to plan 12th annual ny arab american comedy festival and ac/dc walked in. but couldn't get a photo
0	jakeareid planning on ac/dc live in moncton? coming up sooner than later, in montreal on the 31st. at the big "o".
0	angus young's cap flew off six songs into ac/dc's set on saturday at gillette stadium, but the guitarist didn't...
0	i just realized i'm seeing ac/dc tomorrow. holy shit, i've waited nearly a year for this!
0	this time tomorrow ac/dc will be melting my fucking face off along with 82,000 other faces. acdc metlife
0	i can't even begin to tell you how excited i am to go see ac/dc tomorrow
0	the day sure snaps awake when your 1st tune is back in black by ac/dc !! good wednesday hr !! hrmusicshare hrpositive
0	totally just got reminded i'm going to see ac/dc on the 20th!!! wooo!!!
0	just turned on my pandora_radio and got the ronettes followed by ac/dc. i just might survive thursday if this keeps up.
0	for sale: one general admission ticket to ac/dc at downsview park on september 10th. you will have the pleasure of...
0	we're excited to announce that ac/dc tribute band big jack will take the main stage at fall jam on sunday september 27th!
0	alex theriault: ac/dc!! john and holly are rockin'! all the way to magnetic hill to see ac/dc on september 5th!...
0	anthonygermain bucket list tour to see ac/dc in ottawa thurs. a friends first trip to ont he's 52! (his bucket list) i will webcast ya!
0	it's friday night, at home sipping on some crown royal whisky, listening to ac/dc, talking and tweeting with friends. life is good!
0	i know more about ac/dc concerts than angus young probably remembers and i'm only getting to witness it live on monday. i just
0	hartleyjustin i'll be in la sept 27 for ac/dc concert and staying at the pink palace. will be n la so will check the place out!
0	if ac/dc has a really successful show on thursday, they will get a second show, that bumps one of the one direction shows.
0	monday tiring you down? pump it up with some ac/dc cover from the ladies night &amp; karaoke hosted by kj &amp; dj martin...
0	just remembered i'm going to see ac/dc this thursday lol
0	ac/dc tonight...one direction on saturday, lets get itttttt bigosbumping
0	johnhancockcbc this is the field at td place as ac/dc gets ready to play on thursday! ottawamorning
0	less than 24 hours to make your bid for the live auction of 2 tickets to the ac/dc concert this thursday. tickets...
0	is anyone going to ac/dc at ford field next tuesday?
0	tickets to see ac/dc downsviewpark on the 10th coming up on justasec
0	young or old, rock fan or not, you do not wanna miss ac/dc tomorrow supershow
0	this friday! start your labor day weekend with some led zeppelin, aerosmith, van halen and ac/dc! lava rock is...
0	strive recreational therapy has a few extra tickets for the ac/dc concert at ford field, tues september 8th....
0	in honour of the big show we'll play nothing but ac/dc tonight on our shop sound system. then again, because of the big show we may not. ;)
0	there's a couple here, the 3rd row from the stage, wearing a tux and long white dress... for ac/dc... lol ok.
0	burritos with my homegirl darcy for lunch, hangs with signalnoise and mc nauss tonight, ac/dc tomorrow and a long weekend. winning
0	is anyone else going to/interested in going to see ac/dc on tuesday?
0	it's cool outside and i've got ac/dc playing inside. this is how you adult on a saturday night.
0	sky1ron can you get me back stage for ac/dc on sept 25th???
0	ac/dc is rocking out perth's domain stadium in november... and we want you to be there! listen out for the cue...
0	anxiously looking forward to ac/dc on tuesday night with bob wilson, kyle wilson and kelsey suisse! who else is going???
0	fun week ahead...holiday today...ac/dc concert tomorrow and off to san diego on thursday for the lions opener on sunday...funtimes
0	ac/dc tomorrow at ford field. someone is going to be tired on the second day of 6th grade. butitshisfavoriteband \m/ \m/
0	eddietrunk wish you were at midway, i would have bought you a beer safe travels eddie.on way to detroit for ac/dc tomorrow night! \m/
0	only reason im excited for tomorrow is the ac/dc concert
0	let's see... vatech/osu tonight ac/dc tomorrow night nfl kicks off thursday 5:00 a.m. alarms every morning startschoolyearoffwithnosleep!
0	ac/dc tomorrow with jamiscoates356 idek if ill be going to school the next day tbh
0	someone come see ac/dc with me thursday
0	nbauer10 yep ac/dc tonight at ford field then on a plane thursday to san diego...
0	i can't tell you how much i am looking forward to ac/dc concert with my son in december. um...ok, i can. lots.
0	let's get thru this epic tuesday with t.n.t. (ac/dc) by carles badal np on soundcloud tuesday aftertheholiday
0	i wanna go see ac/dc so bad on the 15th.
0	thehumblesage thanks for sharing this course gary. :) you may want to check out this blogpost on amazon ml as well:
0	amazon. this amazing company sells anything available under the sun, including "cloud". absolute disruption.
0	amazon to release a $50 tablet amazon plans to release a $50 tablet with a 6-inch september 8, 2015 cool tech!!!
0	i've just listed this book for sale on amazon. this is the 3rd edition, revised, of a thorough, 410-page...
0	also, the forsaken comedy is free until friday! pick up from hell with love and the sequels from amazon
0	out october 1 on amazon us &amp; uk. (thanks for the heads up thatkiddjoe!) mockingjaypart2
0	nice. the man in the high castle will be on amazon instant on november 20th.
0	mending the piggy bank | 10 free children's kindle ebooks on amazon (september 8 roundup)
0	deal: nexus 6 drops to $349 at best buy too: on friday, amazon cut the price of the nexus 6 across the board b...
0	good news: film_movement will be releasing us in the us. vod, itunes and amazon from oct 2nd, dvd dec 1st - all under a new title: amorous
0	while software may be eating the world, amazon appears to be eating everything. amazon prime will soon include free restaurant delivery.
0	amazon may intro a 6-inch, $50 tablet - half the price of its current low-priced model, for the holiday season
0	travellousworld nice to meet you on twitter! anything amazon travel related you may need, we're here :) !
0	when apple brings games to appletv tomorrow, it will matter because unlike ouya, amazon. razer, etc, apple has 10's of millions of appletvs
0	yes, highly recommend "curiosity" by amanda - get it on google play, amazon or other outlets.
0	bitethepain i ordered it from amazon, should have it by friday.
0	silentcoda cobraorlando yankeejack i just ordered several mongoose from amazon. they'll be on my doorstep tomorrow morning.
0	. bzamayo i think you're right. given amazon's advances with alexa skills kit and echo, a 3rd party siri api has got to be on the cards.
0	amazon may be cooking up a $50 tablet the internet giant is reportedly working on new fire tablets for the...
0	i want this. and yes, i'm playing on amazon instead of reading for class tomorrow. because my head is spinning.
0	rt the 3rd book in the viking's apprentice series has been released. amazon users get it here amreading
0	cnet update - amazon may be cooking up a $50 tablet oh my god! welcome back bridgetcarey i missed you so much!!
0	scott_trudi seanflanery you have to put it on your easter list: release date is april 5th 2016. you can preorder on amazon.
0	adventures of thor, bath time. 2nd children's book coming soon to amazon. it's about a cute beagle and bath time.
0	amazon preorder is live for vivid!! go pre-order your copy and have it on your kindle october 11th! amazon us:...
0	cinch your saddle is live on amazon! only 99 cents until tomorrow evening.thank you gift!
0	happiness cause amazon just notified me that my bluray version of gotham will be here tomorrow!
0	jurxssicpratt i just ordered one from amazon it'll be here on friday let's fucking roll
0	somewhere, my mother just sat straight up in bed. "is that...a cowboy hat? are there babies involved?" ::she desperately clicks on amazon::
0	grady harp - top 100 reviewer on amazon gave my 1st sophieandscottie book 4 stars and the 2nd book 5 stars. chapterbooks juvenilefiction
0	had this new planner on my wish list on amazon.. let's just say it's on the way and will be here friday :)
0	there and i added quite a few items to my "wish list" that they have on amazon for items i may wanna purchase in the future)and earlier
0	amazon is offering free two hour shipping or 7.99 one hour shipping. i'm going to have to try this out tomorrow.
0	roses are red just received its 10th review on amazon! double digits! :d...
0	; a; impulsively bought a docking station for my laptop 'cause i needed one and amazon said it would arrive tomorrow if i ordered now
0	auroretrav2014 ((i feel you may have a date with amazon today!))
0	new wish list on amazon. hoping to get on chaturbate tomorrow during the day ;)
0	i ordered a 64gb nexus 6 from amazon a couple days ago. it just shipped and should be here on thursday!
0	adams0421 thanks! make sure you snag a copy from amazon or your local shop so you're ready for issue 11 in november :)
0	mcelhearn thems the breaks. i may have made more $ from the fire phone than amazon did. ;)
0	email from amazon this morning tells me the new thebenshi book will arrive on tuesday! looking forward to the narrative on science
0	amazon hiring fair: $11.25 hr. with a shift differential - free transportation - benefits september 10th 2015...
0	amazon: listen to ad free music online with amazon here and sign up for free
0	can't wait! i'm so happy i can sub on amazon to see it!
0	as apple goes bigger/expensive on tablets, i had a nice chat with katiegburke about amazon going smaller/cheaper
0	congratulations to jessie, for winning the july/august challenge! a $250.00 gift card to amazon! great job jessie!!!
0	thats what i did with mine. i scoured amazon for months and found a deal just like that and snatched it up so fast.
0	marnie_riches just finished thegirlwho pt2,wow! just wow! you got a date for part 3 yet? amazon is saying march 16 but ad says october 15?
0	on the ball, amazon: 2 emails today announcing that clarkson, hammond and may are to make a series about cars for amazon prime! who knew?
0	i have discovered that bobby's world has unlimited streaming on amazon prime. i may or may not be watching it while i'm on the bike.
0	dailyjulianne but if i need a power adaptor that may be my next amazon prime buy tomorrow...tbh the luggage alone was stressful enough.
0	amazon prime summary: great if you order loads of stuff, sunday delivery, home essentials with now. prime video is a nice bonus.
0	anyone seen these? just stumbled across them on amazon prime. looks like i may have just planned out my friday night.
0	transparent is a good show, recommend it! on amazon prime though so if you don't have it you may have to locate another means of watching :p
0	tadamzz those are some big words, i'm hyped. i'm getting it tomorrow, amazon prime is a beautiful thing.
0	ahhhhh i'm getting a turntable tomorrow! shouts to amazon prime one day shipping!
0	baltanii risers will help for sure i think, just got a couple sets from amazon prime due tomorrow to see if i like them or go elsewhere
0	alanclayfilm will do! hope you'll check out my 1st feature survivingfamily on itunes and amazon prime!
0	just in time since we are almost done with the justified series on amazon prime. &lt;g&gt;
0	stephaniepratt made in reality ordered from amazon prime - i'll have it tomorrow !!! cant wait exciting timesxxxx
0	this is on amazon prime! can't wait to see it tomorrow!
0	related: spending my saturday watching the original man from u.n.c.l.e. on amazon prime because how have i not done this before??????
0	kingshillchat love amazon prime just placed an order and it will be here by lunchtime tomorrow. great for impatient shoppers like me.
0	thanks to amazon prime i have a new phone case coming tomorrow. i don't want to do what my momma did and drop it and smash the screen.
0	nice: brandrepublic 2nd spot in amazon prime's tv campaign shows next day delivery coming to rescue of a lame dog
0	ordered pair of cardboard cutters friday on amazon prime arrived at my house at 3:32 this morning. i trust the drivers are getting paid well
0	if you haven't seen iambigbirdmovie from my husband chadnwalker, catch it on amazon prime starting sept 5th!
0	justopolistv um, i may or may not have bought the first season on amazon prime and am kind of excitedly freaking out right now.
0	and lemme tell you why my amazon prime addiction is real. i could go to the store to purchase an umbrella, but im online. delivery tomorrow.
0	yeah, that's pretty real. amazon prime is that crack! hopefully it won't rain until they deliver it to you. lol
0	did i miss something? just placed an order from amazon prime with free 2 day delivery and got a guaranteed date of sunday?!?
0	making sure i get the most use out of my amazon prime account is my saturday morning ritual.
0	just got my the great unknown download free on amazon prime! sounds great!!! thisisrobthomas it just may be my new favorite cd!
0	heathersolos gameofkittens amazon prime should have it here by wednesday. squee!
0	*counts down the days until october 6th and blesses amazon prime shipping* jillshalvis
0	as he stared at his monitor, the decision to puchase amazon prime was suddenly an easy one for steve sarkisian
0	mrsashrick i used amazon prime to get harper a pete the cat shirt :) wish she could have it in time for the pete the cat parade tomorrow.
0	hurricanedana if you have amazon prime, you can stream the first 2 seasons. i was hooked 1/2 way through the 1st ep.
0	from september 2nd in japan: netflix, amazon prime video + hulu and all the other streaming services already operating. which one to choose?
0	sneaky pete on amazon prime! loved the 1st episode! sneakypete
0	ordered some stuff off amazon for the stream! should be here saturday because of my free amazon prime trial that expires tomorrow.
0	when you're sick of waiting for a book to come in from bn so you ask your husband to order it via amazon prime. yup. getting it saturday.
0	treat yourself to tablettv this bank holiday. order today with amazon prime and you could have it tomorrow.
0	friday the 13th the series is on amazon prime. see you all monday
0	just had my 1st experience with amazon prime. holy. crackers. amazing.
0	i just found quest for camelot on amazon prime. my sunday afternoon is complete
0	tonight i spent 20 minutes looking for someone with amazon prime so i could order a ouija board for friday without my mom finding out adult
0	the 1st season of hand of god, with perlmutations, will be available 9/4 on amazon prime. wtg perlmutations!!! loved you in blacklist!
0	traveling just got a bit more pleasant for amazon prime subscribers. on tuesday, the online retail giant announced&amp;nbsp;that it's now
0	if you are a frequent flier, you may want to finally get that amazon prime membership... via uproxx flying amazon
0	2 days until handofgod arrives on amazon prime. we'll have a review for you tomorrow. until then, here's a trailer:
0	grocery delivery services instacart and amazon prime now to the test in this does it work wednesday:
0	amazon prime deliver on a sunday...just saying...
0	the new episode will be up on friday but you can prepare by watching madonna dry her pits for free on amazon prime.
0	see how cute she is on her day off? i spent my day off in my pjs watching the 1st season of survivor on amazon prime
0	strawbsoda i just got amazon prime last night and ordered a new mouse pad, and it's gonna be here tomorrow woo
0	mwvme we've got a 2nd gen roku and really enjoy it. same here with netflix and amazon prime
0	judging by all the book-sized packages awaiting her arrival tomorrow, our local indie bookshop owner is an amazon prime member. awkward
0	dont be on amazon prime at night. amazon prime is the new home shopping network.you mess around &amp; have 7 blenders at your door on thursday.
0	for any amazon prime members, today is amazon prime day! which is said to be bigger than black friday. if you are...
0	**if you love a great deal-- don't forget amazon prime day is today! they have "black friday" type deals. i...
0	it's amazon prime day -- they say it's better than black friday so enjoy!
0	it's amazon prime day using the autism sprinter link, it's a new as good as getting deals on a black friday!!...
0	today is "wishlist wednesday!" it also happens to be amazon prime day...get to it:
0	amazon says it's offering more deals today than black friday. 8 tips for taking advantage of amazon prime day:
0	amazon prime day, july 15th all day, one day only lots of good deals, check it out happyprimeday...
0	amazon prime day is here! more deals that black friday! check it out.
0	woohooo! they have released a list of the sneak peek deals for amazon prime day tomorrow! cheap nikon cameras,...
0	it's wishlist wednesday! amazon prime day is in full force and cnet is keeping an updated list of the best deals.
0	happy 20th birthday amazon! amazon prime day is bigger than black friday! support qchf, save money, and feel...
0	amazon prime day is today-more deals than black friday. eligible amazonsmile purchases earns us 0.5% when you shop
0	today only is amazon prime day, which offers more deals than black friday! if you plan to shop, don't forget to...
0	tomorrow is amazon prime day. free 30-day trial to take advantage of all the sales tomorrow.
0	verge: amazon prime day just outsold black friday
0	theverge amazon prime day is taking over black friday: amazon has created its own holiday. the company just a...
0	amazon prime day: the big offers as retailer launches day of deals bigger than black friday
0	amazon prime day is here! members can get some amazing deals today, just like black friday! please consider our...
0	what have you scored today? it's amazon prime day ~ more deals than black friday! happyprimeday ----&gt;
0	if you are one of the many shoppers out there wanting to take advantage of amazon prime day today july 15 -...
0	self: tis july 16 already. so proud of you for not falling for the amazon prime day sale gimmick! other self: d'oh!
0	"amazon prime day had 18% higher sales than black friday, you whiners!" see, little one, black friday has this thing called "competition".
0	amazon prime day: 34.4 million items ordered breaking all black friday records with 398 items ordered per second.
0	wews amazon prime day was success in record sales. beating black friday, i got great deals on tv audio. so it's not just tupperware
0	have you heard about amazon prime day? don't miss it - july 15th! yay! ad prepforprime amazon happyprimeday
0	amazon prime day broke sales records exceeding black friday 2014 sales, which had been the biggest black friday to date says amazon.
0	amazon prime day sales up 18 per cent on black friday: amazon has detailed its plans to make prime day an annu...
0	despite all the funny posts about lack of discounts...amazon prime day sales beat black friday
0	amazon prime day beats black friday sales: we're at the edge of the mobile shopping era via thedrum
0	amazon prime day tops biggest black friday for the company: amazon's first prime da..
0	i wonder how many of the purchases fell into the impulse bracket? primeday amazon prime day beats black friday sales
0	amazon prime day beat black friday, but did they make any money? via supplychain247 logistics supplychain
0	varoufakis may have some expertise in game theory, but angela merkel is the grand master of the game
0	the best politicians tell people the truth, not what people want to hear. angela merkel is awesome!
0	angela merkel is a true leader . she has to tell a 14yr girl she cant have everyone stay in germany
0	great news indeed for reem the teen who talked to angela merkel german can do it very well too!
0	carly fiorina may very well be the smartest woman in the world. next to angela merkel, that is.
0	angela merkel: strong link between the euro and peace
0	'they are fellow human beings' angela merkel on the refugee crisis. at last, a leader who is also a human being;
0	join us in prayer for syrian refugees in hungary budapest,may our.father bless mrs angela merkel.thank you mrs merkel
0	apparently germany leads the way. well done angela merkel.
0	god bless angela merkel and the people of germany . . . leading the way. may the uk government follow their example
0	angela merkel: europe as a whole must help with refugees - video (via newsfusionapps world news)
0	good morning! 2nd day of my two day work week and then more travel tomorrow! and it's apple event day! yay!
0	realising that its 9th sept today &amp; apple will be announcing the new iphone at appleevent today made my day!! cantwait excited
0	know what is event more exciting than the apple event today? bit fest thursday &amp; friday?
0	psa: apple event starts in 10 minutes, a worthy distraction for ignoring whatever class you may be in.
0	in an unprecedented move, apple is supporting streaming of today's event on "a pc with microsoft edge on windows 10"
0	how the new apple tv may change the way we watch television: believe it or not, but the star of apple's big me...
0	here you go tomiahonen: what to expect from apple's big event &gt;&gt; fallen off the chair with excitment.
0	interesting, the apple event stream now allows you to watch from the microsoft edge browser on windows 10
0	excited to hear about the new tech today from apple !!
0	apple's september special event tonight :d iphone6s iphone apple live september
0	may the force (touch) be with you, apple. unleash that monster ipad. come on! appleevent
0	apple product launch at 6pm uk time. i will race home to watch, get caught up in the hype, then calm down tomorrow and buy nothing.
0	goosebumps i always get before an announcement. 10am it will be streaming on apple's website. get ready!
0	the apple event starts 10 minutes after i get out of chemistry. i may be sprinting back to my dorm to catch it in time.
0	gabeaul live stream of apple event requires &lt;long list of apple stuff&gt;, or a pc with microsoft edge on windows 10.
0	it's time! come hang out with nmiuga folks in the common area of the 4th floor of grady to watch apple's big announcements at 1pm!
0	apple fans: today's the day to watch! appleevent starts at 1pm est. watch it live at
0	love sales and apple watches? join appneta on 9/16 from 6-8pm est districthall for the 1st fall sales invitational
0	9 september has arrived, which means apple's new iphone is now just hours away from becoming an official thing.
0	we will be live shortly with apple's september 9th iphone -- and more -- launch. starts at 9am pst. via cnet
0	looks like apple exec cue just confirmed we'll be seeing some big screen news today appleevent
0	may be sick, but i'm still tuning into the apple event thing at 10, because i want to support my babu.
0	this chick bid on the 1st showcase (bunch of apple products). rookie mistake. 2d showcase was a trip, a tv and a car. her face was hilarious
0	thelegendblue at the same time as the apple event? nope! test weapons have to wait until tomorrow! ;-) destinythegame apple appleevent
0	if you can't watch apple's video stream, follow the news in wsjd's live blog: did somebody say "rose gold iphones"?
0	rumor has it apple is likely to unveil 3 new iphones at their 9 sep media event; iphone 6s, iphone 6s plus,iphone 6c
0	just 30 minutes to go for the apple event live:
0	don't want to watch a scope of the apple event livestream? go directly to apple site.
0	15 minutes until all of the android fanboys goes squealing for the apple's september 9th event! ;)
0	t-minus 10 minutes! c'mon apple, gimme something good to obsess about and sell my body for
0	check out our live coverage of the apple event here.
0	apple announcement event just starting... apple
0	appleevent is about to start! watch apple's live stream here:
0	apple's tim cook has just taken to the stage promising some mega announcements - even skipping the regular updates:
0	apple's tim_cook gives an update on the projects launched in june. applewatch has gate 97% satisfaction. applelive
0	from the appleevent - new watch faces &amp; 3rd-party complications + facebook messenger, gopro, and airstrip coming to apple watch
0	nero: apple event is about to start. apparently they are about to get serious about gaming. again.
0	apple's event is streaming in stereo. may seem minor but as a audiophile, i just love and appreciate this.
0	really excited about apple watches collab with hermes - so beautiful! the new models with a new os update - everything is available sept 16
0	this looks like the best live blog of apple event today
0	10 best apps for the apple watch (that may make you crave one) applewatch
0	brianshall depends on wearable tech being viable. i think so and the apple watch is already profitable so i think we'll see 2nd gen.
0	apple watch now works with august`s designer smart lock charlesmilander
0	apple watch the new smart door key. via macworld
0	advert for apple watch features a birth scene, with the caption "delivery times may vary" winner
0	apple watch is selling like hot popcorn at yaya centre. the half bald gringo with a long nose and sun-burned skin...
0	the apple watch may just change the way we travel. how do you think smart watches will aid our trips?
0	teroterotero it's too early. though to be clear. apple watch is already the market leader. and best performing apple product in 1st quarter
0	wow, this may be the killer app for apple watch.
0	the minisuit sporty armband lets you carry your iphone 6 and your keys while working out: apple watch may be a...
0	apple watch now at best buy: apple unveiled the company's first major consumer device in years on monday, marc...
0	getting your hands on an apple watch may soon be easier. we'll tell you where you might be able to to find it next on gmr8
0	get ready for apple watch now you can start creating experiences for apple watch november 18, 2014 cool tech!!!
0	everyone is invited this wednesday. to be in the drawing for the apple watch, bring your backpack for the...
0	leaked iphone 6s parts show stronger, thicker case (bid adieu to bendgate), may be using the same aluminum alloy as apple watch.
0	. bostonfest! we're walking around now and if we see you wearing our tshirts, one of our team may give you an apple watch!
0	what a world of difference a leather band makes on apple watch. h/t casuallynorm for pointing me in the direction of 3rd party lugs
0	release: parallels access 3.0 with apple watch support capabilities: on august 5, parallels an... virtualization
0	iphone 7 release date: reports point to september 7 or 9: apple ceo tim cook wears the apple watch and shows t...
0	first day since april 24th that i haven't worn my apple watch, and quite by accident. the day of glancing at an empty wrist begins.
0	apple watch is coming april 24. watch the new ad while you wait.
0	10 apple watch apps you should check out: ten more apple watch apps your wrist may thank you for
0	chrisatrocket xadhityourmark no worries chris, glad you loved the lime. don't forget the apple watch winners are announced on monday!
0	skinner would love the apple watch will revolutionize education forever stories tomorrow.
0	apple has major changes in store for the apple watch via yahoofinance. waiting on 2nd gen...
0	best buy beats q2 views, expands apple watch sales - best buy stock jumped tuesday after the consumer electronics ...
0	hope to hear more about apple watch than iphone. techcrunch: apple invites press to iphone event on september 9th
0	aug 27 (reuters) - apple inc, which launched the apple watch in june, is within striking distance of leader fitbit inc in the wearable
0	jimcramer supporting aapl in nyc 5th ave store wife n her friend each bought an apple watch plus the place is packed. business is booming
0	usanainc i'm hoping to win the apple watch. i know you draw tomorrow. please pick my name. usanaunited
0	onwardstate scspikes no problem! we had a blast. see you tomorrow at the big competition! starts at noon, competing for an apple watch!
0	winner of the apple watch will be chosen 5pm at pompton day tomorrow! get your chance to win for only $2!
0	1st day of spring gardening - apple watch was super handy - nose based navigation ftw
0	still love how the apple watch mimics the 1st generation iphone design
0	busy first day at soccerex. coming tomorrow? don't miss the chance to win an apple watch at our stand! (298) wifi
0	rachelrileyrr not heard that song since uni. tottenham supprting friend singing about arsenal when we went to watch them play shef wed.
0	man utd 0 arsenal 2. sylvain wiltord scored as arsenal win 2-0 at old trafford in the fa cup 5th round.
0	arsenal may have made a slow start to the premier league season, but arsene wenger's men are clearly looking to pick up the pace.
0	andy_x9 revised expectations for arsenal after 1st month of season: at the outset of the 2015/16 sea... andy_x9
0	. en f we fail 1st we wl chase 4 top 4 finish at the end like arsenal nachukia walai walai quote
0	last day of being 30 today. although some arsenal fans would have had me at 31 the day after my 30th birthday...
0	own goal is in unreal form. scoring goals for fun. just hope he comes back injury free. england and arsenal's 12th man.
0	padres have "3rd team cam." naturally, there's a dude in an arsenal kit. i don't think you can even have a block party w/o an arsenal shirt.
0	mrcliftonville ghosty1879 he kept them up for the 1st year in the epl,with wins over manu, arsenal &amp; spurs. which is &gt; winning promotion.
0	jhickin it doesn't matter where they play, what matters is they play for wales, better than england, may i add! (p.s, ramsey is arsenal)
0	take welbeck being unable for the euros with a pinch of salt. pretty sure we'll see him in an arsenal shirt come may.
0	thoughts turning to sat &amp; whilst there's obvious concerns if we get at them early as we did at arsenal with a high tempo we can win lfc
0	arsenal will have no trouble finishing 4th and above. we've done it with chamakh-bendtner upfront.
0	wow! international defender to make arsenal transfer in january, is this what arsenal needs? afc
0	jon moss ref for saturday. that's every 50 50 going in arsenal's favour then
0	i have a spare ticket at arsenal on saturday if anyone fancies it?! arsenal stoke afc
0	ramzwi leutrimrexhaj if you're struggling come january and benzema don't happen, i'd go for him, he'll give 110% for arsenal, and score!
0	our exciting card game, arsenal, is coming to kickstarter next week! order on september 15 and get it in november!
0	i have a feeling arsenal will beat stoke on saturday, especially as i'm lucky enough to be going, so excited ....
0	watch the first clip from bronnt's new soundtrack to arsenal. playing live bsff phoenixleic on sunday silentfilm
0	anyone of you fancy joining me at arsenal v stoke on sat? i have 1 spare ticket (sat next to me) - 3pm kick off
0	neymar playing his last game for barca before he signs for us on tuesday i see pigsmightfly
0	let's go barca 1 goal before the 1st half ends.
0	fcbarcelona surprise, surprise! barca has the upperhand, but it seems malaga has their 12th man, the ref is so bias. campnou fcbmalaga
0	soccer saturday! watching barca with my nerd right now and then going to see the armada tonight!
0	vermaelen the hero for barca: thomas vermaelen was the unlikely hero as barcelona laboured to a 1-0 home win over malaga on saturday ...
0	championsleague realmadriden fcbarcelona ligabbva barca may have more points but real madrid play the better football
0	barca did florentino perez make the schedule in la liga? barca's 1st 4 away games all against top 8 teams; rm plays sevilla &amp; 3 creampuffs.
0	benufo hey ben really enjoyed your set in barca last night, what was the 2nd last track you played? sounded like caribou?
0	had great time in barca, also made some profit which is always nice. back to the online grind for the sunday today vamoooos lfg
0	return of sunday morning watching the lad play footy. all week i picture them playing like barca, the reality is very different. youthfooty
0	asr_nick this is the roma i wanna see vs barca in rome on the 16th. the match will be epic.
0	tht1878 blueboybaz andy_h_efc what chance nolito ?? or is he off to barca in jan ?
0	done my balls in barca but still treated myself to a five euro 1st class upgrade on the fast train to madrid. budgetballer
0	mattyy_official it solves part of the problem but the jigsaw still has some big gaps that need addressing by 6pm tomorrow! enjoy barca!
0	for football fans, it's transfer deadline day. for us, barca fans, its just another monday :v
0	cottonballfc very true i wish they would accept but i think we have a shot to get him in january and fight barca for him what do you think?
0	championsleague fcbarcelona barca will successfully defended the title, with the arda and aleix in january plus msn i don't see them lose.
0	he was in the atletico academy, real is the biggest team in europe next to barca. all his friends are in madrid. lol
0	jamiepowell07 its the dogs, ye its amazing and defo go to a barca game, the 1st footie game ive enjoyed in years
0	then everton will get the player from barca on loan :)
0	guinnessvip equally he's d 2nd most expensive under21s(after neymar's barca move)&amp;3rd most expensive signing in manu's history madeofblack
0	real madrid get better of de gea saga, barca goalies also under pressure: while transfer deadline day may have...
0	friends of barca, i'm off on saturday to travel round spain so would like to see as many of you as possible...
0	good luck to all our teams for tomorrow 1st games of the season. celtic,rangers,barca,real,olympic,boca, bayern &amp; atletico grassroots
0	heavy saturday, barca. the rain was knowing that how much i love you !
0	javiruiz_9 yeah!!!! may the force be with you, just believe in yourself, the team and don't forget you play for barca!!!!! monchurodriguez
0	tfaheel haha no, the first was just barca and then i put the "|" just to separate for my 2nd club
0	hotcheetos4 still got smacked by barca. wolfsburg went far in the europa and bvb lost to finalists. epl is 3rd.
0	fifa sunday! lezzd psg or barca all the way goitsemakwati
0	the tenerife vs. barca femeni game has commenced. jenni hermoso scored for barca in the 5th minute. tenerife 0-1 barca. fcblive
0	barca beats joventut 86-77 in 1st preseason game. marc garcia and demond mallet led all scorers with 20 points each
0	bespokebarware boo hoo... in barca at the moment! the bar doesn't open sunday and monday's! go home tuesday. tikisad
0	hayles_101 the chap is in his 2nd season of a 3 year deal. he has done the business at barca and munich and i'm sure he will do it for us.
0	christhomas1190 he'll be ready in january for barca!!
0	can't wait for arda to play with barca, january na pls!
0	oo_gho_gho so neymar being fifth and eden being 6th shows nothing other than barca did better than chelsea in the cl.
0	kayboy_007 he should walk straight to barca's 1st team.
0	slowly getting my last bits pulled together for barca! gonna get everything finalised today so i can just relax tomorrow :)
0	ffc_jm adidasuk may all the power of barca and messi be with you this season!
0	neymar shockingly starts playing for brazil like he does for barca
0	ehabibrahim77 man utd are a bigger club than everyone besides real and barca. they may be at the top of their game by the time he peaks
0	moeanabtawi barca is the best team not real .. no one can win over it ... and see u on sat ;)
0	what a quality result that was beating barca away.good memories. now the future and beating the manc scum on saturday.
0	before bed, just gimme a bit of strength for tomorrow, batman!
0	batman still solid as hell. love ya. see you tomorrow!
0	i will not be doing any batman impersonations. but any time i type "c'mon" please imagine will arnett's gob bluth shouting it.
0	good luck tomorrow batman kscott_2, show harbaugh how the utes get down!!! wegottheloudhouse beatmichigan goobiefor6 letsgoutah
0	spooky23 gaffneyvlc jimboflanbo75 may get this but still gotta finish batman (brilliant game) and just picked up mad max on the cheap.
0	i just scanned that batman comic. i will post it tomorrow on my website, tumblr, facebook, myspace, linkedin, friendster, livejournal, etc.
0	you can tell that saving the 'ice princess' was one of those mundane, monday jobs for batman. batmanreturns
0	batman and google earth predict it's going to be a bad month
0	me prepared for the fancy dress ballroom party this sunday, wearing this mask of batman today to see how much it...
0	it's almost july and someone says they hate taylor swift and this girl put on a batman mask and started lipsyncing it i think i'm in love
0	happy friday with batman animated series 90s forever!
0	who would forget this? batman&amp;batgirl together under the setting sun. gu days. happy4thanniversarykathniel psykubli
0	in other news im off for the 1st weekend in 5 weeks... and ive a batman game to be starting!
0	after 61 days so far, on saturday i will finally see this guy again. come home safe batman, i love you.
0	just saw a van for a bat removal company that said "batman" on the hood. definitely made my friday morning.
0	playing batman tonight, alabamaftbl tomorrow and nfl in a week. this is gunna be a good weekend :)
0	just used a colon. holy punctuation, batman. it's nearly half-one in the morning. sleepy saturday.
0	kpillar4 and rgoins5 playing batman and robin. gojays! make the 5th the big one. bluejays
0	ragashingo masterxtp1 cody may be responsible for good in the way that ras al ghul is responsible for batman.
0	thank you all that came to my channel to watch some batman failure action tonight. i will be back tomorrow maybe sunday.
0	damian may be a better fighter one day but for now jason is the best fighter &amp; he's got batman's prep skil.
0	happy birthday to the 1st &amp; best movie batman...michael keaton happybirthdaymichaelkeaton
0	i may be the most sweaty i've ever been, but batman got the crowd going. and that's what matters. crusadervictory takethatbobcats
0	since september 26 is batman day i'm having a batman month. we start off with the greatest batman story ever batman
0	mfstevehere happy birthday may you watch batman and robin all day
0	i may be as excited for the martian as star wars and batman vs superman, and just behind captain america: civil war.
0	celebrated my nephews 5th birthday today!! i hope he enjoys all his batman presents.always enjoy seeing...
0	heath ledger in batman may be the best performance of any actor in any movie of all time
0	so i'll see you all tomorrow for some fun filled feeding in league and prolly some skull smashing in batman!
0	time to dust off the cfsmoke stfd shirt! finally get to see batman pitch at pnc. see you thursday, wudeydo34 and pirates!
0	jewchaynz it's different from comic club, because everyone loves batman, but not may people walk around shooting fire balls. ya know?
0	monday batmania! i'm live with batman: arkham asylum right now gamergirl twitchstreaming xbox
0	got the new pc up and running! batman looks glorious!! we'll be casting it tomorrow! see you at 11am pst!
0	batman 44 drops tomorrow. make sure you go pick it up. seriously!
0	batman the killing joke 1st printing nm 9.4 joker cripples barbara gordon! , link:
0	hairdresser with 4yo tomorrow. he wants it "like spiderman" (not peter p) / no fringe (for better face painting) / "with batman ears".
0	i'm really going to break bank and purchase this batman issue tomorrow. getting an insane amount of early buzz.
0	just want to thank pal brianazzarello for his part in batman 44, out tomorrow. the issue is exponentially better for his contributions.
0	heritage batman &amp; robin (trump &amp; cruz) please save america from the communists! may god be with you! (or it won't happen)
0	holy content batman! not gonna get it done tonight, but early tomorrow before i leave for work, it will be up!
0	alright - early to bed tonight. hope you guys will take a look at batman 44 tomorrow if you can - thanks!
0	sad thing as i learned easter is on march 27th. most of my friends will be gone when batman v. superman comes out. i wanted to go with them
0	.ssnyder1835 talks about tomorrow's batman 44 stand-alone story with comicriffs here:
0	it's wednesday! best week in a long time. batman, harley, star wars, saga. ant man toys, tons more. love it!!
0	garyaphilipson hello gary, did'ent realise you where on bbc radio newcastle on a mon night, i love the show and the songs, you on every mon
0	our 1st ever guest on axschat was the ever charming garethfw of the bbc you can still see the video here
0	who's looking forward to the new series of doctorwho starting on the bbc on the 19th?
0	llntutor like the bbc, when they've just mentioned a brand/product. 'other ways to learn are available and may be just as effective'.
0	the real reason for the bbc's regional newspaper 'reporting pool'...
0	interesting perspective from bbc about how differing demographic projections may inform a country's refugee policy :
0	tune into bbc four this sunday for an exciting look into the origins of ballet:
0	the guardian view on the bbc plans: nice ideas but much to prove | editorial via instapaper
0	do you fancy coming on a tour of the bbc at mediacityuk? there's availability on 15 september -
0	hi iamgreeds, we're recording a bbc prog at africautopia on arts and activism on fri and hoped you could take part... can i dm details?
0	well done chrisgpackham for speaking his voice no-one, not least the bbc, should be bullied into quiet submission.
0	sathnam i've read them all. i say "read", i mean "watched the bbc version". i say "watched", i mean "sat in same room as wife watching"
0	catching up with hugely enlightening docu the ascent of women. from last wed on bbc 2 if u want to catch up. shows origins of oppression.
0	gissisim abdul just interviewed on the bbc, i think 1st time in uk. says wants to help educate other refugee kids.
0	our trustee amber__rose has just recorded some quick comments for bbc spotlight, tune in tomorrow for the evening news to see it!
0	watch our chief political correspondent go through the papers at 10.30pm on bbc. tomorrowspaperstoday
0	a very happy 30th birthday to cbbc for tomorrow! one of my first jobs in the bbc was a vt op into pres a &amp; then tc9!
0	update from a couple of days ago: gerontius is in fact the best piece of music ever! i hope everyone will tune into bbc radio 3 on friday...
0	premiereworld could you please tell me at which time demi lovato will arrive at the bbc lounge tomorrow? thanks!
0	hope the bbc is mistaken in its forecast for snow on saturday...
0	trav9000 i didn't see that but there is a 30th birthday celebration on cbbc today with bbc kids presenters
0	can empathise completely with scots nationalists, re: bbc coverage after monday's panorama. left must stick together.
0	good to see nfl back on the bbc, shame the highlights isn't till november thou.
0	happy 30th birthday, children's bbc! here's schofe on his 25th birthday, for which he got a bright yellow jumper.
0	bbc may have just redeemed themselves by gaining rights tonfl coverage after losing the rugby, well nearly...
0	first record i can find of peter davison working for the bbc is all creatures great and small - began on bbc1 15 jan 1978. doctorwho
0	uk members: you may be interested in this evening's bbc documentary on the history of ordnancesurvey. surveyors
0	"twitter on monday night was chockablock with people raging about bbc bias in the panorama hatchet job on labour's jeremy corbyn." 1/2
0	hope you are having an "eggcellent" tuesday! the omelet was for bentley and i.
0	happy wacky wednesday everyone! here's a crazy car fact that might surprise you: volkswagen owns bentley,...
0	bentley has gone from sat up on the bed to cuddled up fast asleep after his lullaby song
0	bentley to tyler starkey on the sideline, 1st down.
0	conv_16 i wouldn't mind meeting up one day - picking the bentley up today but we're always in chelsea on a sat.
0	best wishes to the new mr &amp; mrs duke who were married at lynnhurst hotel on friday - pictured with our bentley...
0	riding in the drop top bentley on saturday after the surge 365 meeting!
0	bentley has the right idea! it may have been in the 90s all day, but nice and cool down in a stone basement after...
0	new bf3 dualtage with bentley tomorrow! :&gt;
0	swan newbie duo steph &amp; bentley hit the stage tonight for another massive friday night live!
0	seniors robert kugler (for 2nd time), danny anthrop &amp; frankie williams selected captains by teammates with bentley. purdue
0	my 5am drive to leeds on thursday morning was made epic by the sight of 'f1 joy' sat in a transporter on park lane as a bentley was unloaded
0	ap students, don't forget to read bentley ch1. for monday and complete the writing exercise by tuesday. have a great weekend!
0	dougripleyodu i was impressed with larussa. defense dominant on 1st team. bentley ok, better near end. deep at rb. punting needs some work.
0	on sunday's we take the bentley to ralph's kevcars ralphs
0	kids enjoying last moments of freedom before school tomorrow. bentley is taking advantage of the blanket fort..
0	our september 9th, line up for the 8th c.u. bands and fans original artist night hosted by bentley's pub...
0	frankiekazarian superchrissabin the 1st ultimatex match w/ bentley still holds up today. despite knowing the practice the day before.
0	below are some details about the bentley 500 award ceremony tomorrow night. it will be a fantastic sight to see...
0	see you at bentley's saloon on thursday august 27th from 7pm to 11pm
0	so i know i'm late on this, but happy late 1st birthday bentley!!! we love you!
0	bentley the pup is enjoying the old main lawn on this warm afternoon. happy friday, penn state!
0	r.j. and bentley stopped by to take a photo with me at the giles county fair on friday evening.
0	shay with bentley and bella, in their sunday best :)
0	bentley and pierre's news report! stay in the know ;)
0	sufcrootshall bentley superb. good work ethic all game from the team. need to build on this saturday
0	can it just be thursday? i need football and bentley!
0	kron4gradnich my friends&amp; i sat in sun wrestlemania for 6hrs, we survived. no bentley after the game either katetscott sportslarryknbr
0	nvmbentley let it be known that on this day the first of september in the year of 2015 i have bentley's approval
0	all incoming freshman: come to jennison 308 to check out the "sustainability at bentley" session tomorrow at 3 pm!
0	girls volleyball practice has changed locations. monday from 5pm-6pm they will practice at the salem commons instead of bentley
0	bentley scores again &amp; jocelyn is 7 for 7 on extra points. cats up 49-32 with 4:47 left in the 3rd quarter. keep working cats!!
0	come out to the bentley trade show tomorrow. it'll be a rainy day so this is the perfect event for you. i have...
0	someone is celebrating their 30th in style tonight - we are off to a 30th birthday party in the bentley arriveinstyle
0	bringing the bentley out tomorrow.
0	bentley active on the 1st defensive drive. good see from the lbs
0	purdue's bentley and the defense in shut down mode on their first series. mr. optimist wonders if boilers can get 1st play mulligan?
0	interesting fact: while this will be our representative's 2nd special session of the year it will be bentley's 100th for the year.
0	halcyon the sun will be performing on sept 12 at the bentley's back to school bash. check out their album, two...
0	beautiful bouquet with our beautiful bentley bride groom wedding wednesday weddingcars love repost...
0	thomaspaine5 think about voting for bernie sanders and the future of government may be brighter
0	wish bernie sanders a happy 74th, next tuesday. if he makes 75, he will set a record for prez contenders.
0	us official unemployment at 5%, lowest since march 08... although bernie sanders thinks it's 11%
0	we're excited that bernie sanders will be visiting cd5 for the 2nd time since declaring. he'll be at winthrop on sept 12.
0	bowiescheekbone i just wrote a prayer to bernie sanders. what are you doing with your friday night?
0	so bernie sanders has the same birthday as me.
0	answer: yes, people are connecting with what bernie sanders is saying. do you hear me hillary clinton? bernie2016
0	bernie sanders would make saturday classes illegal feelthebern
0	yo, florence! don't make plans for next saturday, cause bernie sanders is coming to town! feelthebern
0	nevona berniesanders i love bernie sanders, it's great you're spending your saturday for his campaign.
0	bernie sanders is gonna be in atlanta for a meet &amp; greet next friday &amp; i need a politically conscious person to go with me
0	gop_reaper ginou1010 now, now, some of them are coming over to support bernie sanders, because he makes sense, but then they may agree?
0	bernie sanders joined a picket line in the sun &amp; after gave a 3hr speech. i'm significantly younger &amp; exhausted from putting groceries away.
0	it's sunday.... but bernie sanders is my mcm just saying. he is going to be a great president. i say is because...
0	bernie sanders may be extreme, but he honestly seems to despise poverty, racism, discrimination, war, income inequality, &amp; corrupt politics.
0	danielwitdapolo well you may have noticed that bernie sanders doesn't slander other politicians. he's never ran a negative campaign. :)
0	i liked a youtube video sen. bernie sanders: what would you do as president? 1st campaign interview - ed
0	dude, bernie sanders is going to be at the parade i'm in tomorrow
0	it's bernie sanders' birthday on the 8th im excited i love him
0	i liked a youtube video bernie sanders on the late show with stephen colbert on september 18th!
0	washington --&amp;nbsp;sen. bernie sanders (i-vt.) on thursday offered a striking rebuttal to criticisms of his anti-war views, saying that he
0	just got told i sent bernie sanders a birthday card friday night. dope.
0	bernie sanders should win the democratic nomination easily. living through his entire term if he wins, may be a different story.
0	may i tell you why it's important to vote for bernie sanders to keep moving forward? ~
0	although his birthday is actually tomorrow, i feel like today- labor day -is bernie sanders' favorite day
0	here's a thing about rallying tomorrow, bernie sanders' birthday, to donate to his campaign.
0	spent the night crafting bernie sanders shirts for the rally on saturday winthrop bernie2016
0	socialism in the carolinas - bernie sanders in greensboro to speak to liberal extremist. nc gso ncpol
0	bernie sanders will stop in greensboro, nc sunday. he's holding a rally at the greensboro coliseum. vote2016
0	today, september 8th, is bernie sanders' birthday. he's 74. love him or hate him, i think you have to give him mad props. happy birthday b!
0	bernie sanders berniesanders fierce voice for the working class, put some action behind his words friday...
0	i cannot believe i am seeing bernie sanders live and in the flesh this sunday wow now this is a dream
0	presidential candidate bernie sanders will hold a rally sunday at the greensboro coliseum
0	bernie sanders is about to torpedo any chance hillary might have of winning the white house going 3rd party. lmao
0	i hope bernie sanders is a sun and the other two are shooting stars or black holes.
0	billionaire investor warren buffett on tuesday praised the presidential campaign of self-proclaimed socialist bernie sanders, even th...
0	i side 94% with bernie sanders some of my answers may be my not fully understanding and can be brought up w/me
0	probably going to go see bernie sanders this sunday in gso.
0	why didn't anybody tell me bernie sanders was coming to gso sunday? i might have to come here what he has to say.
0	sheahancorey leahvukmir the bernie sanders like social democratic new democrats have the 2nd most mps,&amp; 31% of canadians voted for them.
0	meet and greet with bernie sanders friday night! so excited!
0	beyday fun fact: beyonce swept the hair off the floor of her mother's salon for her 1st job. humblebeginnings
0	it's friday, beyonce's birthday n rodeo album out .. what a holi fucking day.
0	happy beyday beyonce! may the day be fierce and fabulous for all!
0	happy birthday beyonce... now when it's feb 2nd i want this reciprocated lol
0	shawn and i are going to get to look at beyonce tomorrow. because i have some of the best team in the entire world. but...
0	i'm sure his daughter likes beyonce &amp; would want me to tell her alllll about the concert.
0	it's friday. it's beyonce's birthday. it's a good day. happybirthdaybeyonce
0	kca votejkt48id millkesmoov: i went viral lip syncing in the car to beyonce on her birthday... happy friday!
0	babe get your free trial i want to see beyonce live and flatbush! tvy2crvy
0	happy birthday today my first favorite singer beyonce , i wish you may years to come
0	sorry i'm going to see beyonce tbh!!!
0	it may be beyonce's bday, but we must not forget who else has a bday today...
0	beyonce happy birthday beyonce!!! may god bless you and all your family very much!
0	it's been a whole year since beyonce perform her music and she returning tomorrow night...
0	the only feminist manifesto (if i may call it) that am exposed to is the one in beyonce's flawless
0	tomorrow at this time i'll be with beyonce
0	my favorite performance. wish i did the ass smack tho. watch "beyonce live at the 6th annual bet awards" beyday
0	beyonce is probably the best female virgo i never met, 2nd to my girl yahtesh lol
0	saturday soundtrack 4 - "run the world (girls)" beyonce
0	i was gonna wait to buy weed until monday, but i just realized watching beyonce's concert might be so much better with a blunt.
0	last night i had a dream that i was over at beyonce's house &amp; we sat around drinking tea w/ jay z &amp; talked about disney movies like ok
0	she would rather see beyonce with me anyway ... i would make a great step mother.
0	msheatherbeaver i feel like you'd rate this one a close 2nd to them doing the beyonce mix.
0	just found out beyonce is performing tonight not tomorrow.
0	to me, beyonce the 3rd best female entertainer of all time and a legend.
0	beyonce, pearl jam, ed sheeran, coldplay and more play at the globalcitizen festival on sept 26! spread the word:
0	beyonce is really just the 8th wonder of the world
0	beyonce and future on stage together somewhere and all i see on the tl right now is yasssss! come thur bitch!!!
0	beyonce was extraordinary this evening. great show. madeinamerica good night. see you all again tomorrow.
0	i may have missed the beyonce live stream but thanks to the29thpaige's snaps, i feel like i was there. the mvp!
0	seen girls crying for beyonce, crazy. but when march madness is played i might do the same tomorrow
0	i'll be be watching beyonce's mia performance a lil later. i just need to ready myself 1st. lol
0	sat in bed singing along to beyonce tracks as if i sound like the queen herself... listen irreplacable ifiwereaboy myvoiceisflawless
0	musictimes&gt; beyonce - the audience at saturday's 2015 budweiser made in america festival fell "crazy in love" with...
0	legs be having you: beyonce returned to her diva best as she strutted back on to the stage on saturday night
0	sun update: ufc 191, beyonce with ronda rousey, jimmy snuka, tuf, new wwe stable, chikara king of trios
0	one of those monday mornings where you just have beyonce's 'blow" remix with pharell in your head, yano.
0	people may think that it's silly of me to look at nicki minaj, beyonce, kim kardashian as my role models but they are slaying their curves
0	beyonce performance all the way onto sunday. i saw u sunday keisha. lmaaaaoooo
0	may the lord give you jay-z and beyonce's kinda love... no way that relationship is fake or for social media
0	tomorrow we'll release our 58th episode of hsonair profiling our very own alissadossantos ! we'll talk about storytelling and beyonce!
0	join us at red magazine smart women week for a signature beyonce dance workshop. 3-4:30pm next friday the 18th...
0	he plays an american so well...i mean, acting alongside beyonce would make any other person run back to britain.
0	i just realized i saw jb &amp; beyonce both for the first time on september 5th. this has to be a sign of something
0	antoinettemot you nailed it! get d tickets 1st to beyonce's concerts! get
0	bob marley playing in the lab. happy saturday!!
0	bob marley vs james brown mashup will make anyone feel good on a dance party saturday on gtforadioxxx goto
0	sun is shining, weather is sweet, makes you wanna move your dancin feet - bob marley
0	sun is shining by bob marley &amp; the wailers, found with shazam. listen now:
0	crowes all day/night at the right tide with the right crew. sunday papers. grateful dead and bob marley for music capeclothconvo
0	it's monday! "get up, stand up! don't give up the fight" - bob marley bestinlombok happymonday monday quote...
0	a little bob marley on this monday morning to ease the pain of it being monday morning!
0	little monday morning inspiration from bob marley. "possession make you rich? i don't have that type of richness"
0	the sun is shining. i'm writing from my deck. it just seems like a bob marley kind of day. i just need rum.
0	just listening to bob marley and talking about whatever...my friday night goals right there
0	beller6 hahahahha fair play see u tomorrow we can tell the time and listen to bob marley together???
0	"some people feel the rain, others just get wet" ~ bob marley rainydays tuesday nycctseek citytech cuny
0	1st putter of the bob marley down! cirque daiquiri bar and grill
0	republic2fm morning all. how about some bob marley vs funkstardlx "sun is shining" for myself and whelanclive heading to sandyford. thanks
0	before bob marley &amp; reggae, there was ska. hear the history of ska, in just 3 songs, tomorrow 2p ct on pritheworld via stlpublicradio!
0	we are sponsoring the newport comedy series this friday night with bob marley performing at the hyatt on goat...
0	mggttaylor one alanis morissette sun is shining bob marley wake the town uroy reckoner radiohead vibrate outcast
0	good thursday np bob marley - could you be loved legend
0	i've been working with the youngsters of pucklechurch to decorate the subway. how does bob marley like his donuts?
0	bob marley was featured on the cover of fifa's the weekly magazine last friday! .
0	bbc6music can you pretty please help me with the name of the bob marley track kate tempest played on sunday? can't stop thinking about it!
0	i wanna see bob marley back into mainstream charts, injecting love into people's life's, may help the world.
0	at the office listening to bob marley doing work...can't say i'm hating my friday afternoon
0	it's a bob marley morning! i may or may not have been dancing up and down the hall to the copier. ;)
0	" sun is shining, the weather is sweet..." (bob marley)
0	marley monday at reggae central... 20% off all bob marley merchandise today with code word "bmw."
0	my good mate bob marley, as you may have never heard him before
0	nowplaying bob marley - sun is shining on surf shack radio, the best mix of music on the beach
0	have a top wednesday! album4work kaya - bob marley &amp; the wailers
0	therealeve what happened to the track here i am? it had a bob marley sample from sun is shining. track sounded nice. can you release it?
0	dyk bob marley was voted the 3rd greatest lyricist of all time by bbc news online users, following bob dylan and john lennon
0	some people feel the rain. others just get wet - bob marley - happy wednesday.
0	it's house thursday..."when music hits u feel no pain" hon.bob marley said that have a lovely day fam
0	bob marley vs funkstar de luxe ~ sun is shining (extended club mix) gonna be a hot one this weekend in the uk.
0	rise up this mornin'. smile with risin' sun - bob marley! happy friday everyone. today we have mint chocolate...
0	just under a mile up the road from us! gotta love north hills friday night live music series! bob marley tribute...
0	cannabox breezypuffs classic "sun is shining" by bob marley. tell me you can't get chill with that. since before you were born,girl!
0	when i have kids, every morning, we are all going to wake up with the sun and dance to bob marley like one big happy family.
0	winding down the sunday with bob marley on vinyl.
0	monday wisdom from bob marley: "some people feel the rain, others just get wet." let's get those galoshes on, here comes the week!
0	monday afternoon love muse from the legend himself mr bob marley!
0	"sun is shining" by bob marley is now ripping it up on radiodanz np
0	richarddawkins bob marley may be evidence that cannabis makes you cool as shit. bobmaley
0	going to the beach? listen to bob marley: kick back, relax, and enjoy the sun as thomas h green selects the be...
0	audio: digitallioness: justin nozuka band- mr therapy man/ sun is shining (bob marley cover) this is the...
0	_therandall colinwright1959 without googling i can only think of a couple! sun is shining - bob marley &amp; house of the rising sun!
0	representing bob marley on our own show day - damianmarley we hope you have an awesome time tomorrow night! philly
0	my co-worker named our printer bob marley because "he always be jamming." i genuinely laughed out loud. friday's are the best. love my job.
0	the sun shall not smite i by day, nor the moon by night; and everything that i do shall be upfull and right. - bob marley
0	happiness is a sunday with freshly squeezed oj, hot black coffee and bob marley on the stereo. happy sunday, fellow humans
0	bob marley's "stir it up" in birmingham from our gig on saturday, enjoy&gt;&gt;&gt; bobmarley birmingham
0	this saturday! live stream to japan! mad sounds and fashion! rasta wear!! big up to the late bob marley!
0	i'm sitting on this bench alone on campus in the sun and listening to bob marley this is wonderful
0	"the sun shall not smite i by day, nor the moon by night" bob marley &amp; the wailers night shift *live in nyc 4/30/76*
0	today is onelovefestival celebrating the anniversary of bob marley's one love peace concert (22 apr 1978)
0	tomorrow night - jamrock hull tofts_lane_hull with guest tanni browne doing his bob marley tribute act
0	sweet sunday morning with the king... bob marley reggaemusic emancipateyourself
0	i don't think there's a better way to start a sunday than with bob marley
0	bob marley fans, your dream will come true soon as bobmarley and the wailers is coming to perform, sept 7 at explosition park, losangeles.
0	happy monday everyone ! have a nice day with "stir it up" from bob marley shopinsidermorning
0	sun is shining... bob marley on the radio... hiya monday!
0	i'm wearing a bob marley shirt for picture day tomorrow and idc idc
0	make like bob marley and get jammin! jam night at the sun inn, saxilby - 8pm tonight saxilby jamnight
0	at last ! a little bit of indian summer for the netherlands bob marley &amp; funk star deluxe - sun is shining (remix)
0	if you enjoyed the episode on the 2nd amendment, check out this atlantic article on bobby jindal and guns:
0	bobbyjindal foxnews i was very sad to hear this. we love you bobby jindal and may god bless you and protect you
0	bobby jindal may not be the best speaker, but he is a solid conservative, has experience governing and seems to be an honest man.
0	kilmeade ricksantorum carlyfiorina foxandfriends the first debate was well done with no 'gotchas'. carly won with bobby jindal 2nd.
0	fun fact: chris christie got to the 1st tier debate by eating bobby jindal.
0	daily skimm: i like the way you move nice info on bobby jindal,
0	katrina tops sunday morning show agenda - bobby jindal sits down with both abc and cbs. new orleans mayor mitch la...
0	ricksantorum may god bless you mr. santorum. this is why you are my number one choice followed by bobby jindal and ted cruz
0	jindal, landrieu appear on face the nation - sunday on face the nation on cbs, gov. bobby jindal delivered the sam...
0	saturday marked the 10th anniversary of hurricane katrina, and louisiana gov. bobby jindal says the state is now "stronger than ever."
0	can't wait for saturday- soccer am, everton v chelsea &amp; then the big one liverpool v utd bpl lfc
0	friday in vancouver at the scottish cultural centre see ggw champion chelsea green vs malia hosaka. chelsea was...
0	happy 6th birthday to aubs! chelsea kept the birthday breakfast in bed tradition going. thats chels on the right...
0	dear friends new york is calling and from 13th to 22 october i'll exhibit in chelsea with the famous gallerist nina torres..i can't wait..
0	"we may not have it all together, but together we have it all" chelsea, london
0	registered for elanquebec's grantwriting wkshp in chelsea, qc 18 sept.! anyone in gatineau going to event? need transpo. pv me. thanks!
0	i'm sat alone watching made in chelsea la and i'm happy with the man i've become
0	the only good that comes out of a monday is the fact made in chelsea is on
0	phrasethatpays is back tomorrow morning at 7am with ian and chelsea! make sure you are registered so you can win $500! 1049virginradio.ca
0	installing a full gas central heating system in the chelsea area tomorrow. looking for similar?
0	bbcsport some of these youngsters just go to chelsea because ofthe money and know how unlikely it will be for them to get in the 1st team.
0	easportsfifa fifa16 demo downloaded; 4-0 win in the first game with chelsea against psg hazardeden10 1st goal &amp; falcao man of the match
0	just caught up with made in chelsea hope jinky sort it out they would be great together, can't wait for next monday madeinchelsea
0	acffiorentina forzaviola fiorentina want to sign chelsea defender in january seriea viola
0	women's super league: chelsea close in on title with win against notts county
0	can't wait for sat watch the blues smash that chelsea shite then i'll be smashing it versatiliy 24kitchenstreet get down after game people
0	kraftcanada thanks chelsea, i have all the info i need. have a great tuesday!
0	get started early shopping for the holidays in chelsea oct 17 the perfect presents await!
0	savoring the last bits of summer before the big s starts tomorrow. nyckids chelsea side water park
0	chelsea could honestly be the 3rd migo with me and gee, we all think alike
0	jthomasbwfc cam_cousin45 johnson was good when he 1st started playing in his chelsea and portsmouth days milner has been shit since day1
0	danielguest1 good man! need your support on saturday, those are the ones that will matter. not a glamour tie with chelsea!
0	on friday i'm going to make chelsea's day but she doesn't know it
0	chelc0915 we'd be happy to help chelsea! please tell us more about what's going on so we may better assist. ^roannad
0	i am honored to say i drove chelsea tonight may god bless ballerjake
0	if the weather holds out seeing the handlebards in the chelsea physic garden this friday and saturday should be fun!
0	good luck to the football development programme players in there 1st game against chelsea afcbcommunity mdafcbcst _patrickgwilson afcb
0	my 2nd favorite in the brazilian nt and sa chelsea pd. happy birthday oscar8 :d and sa uban pa naa sa lista mehehe
0	jose mourinho may not be enjoying too much success with chelsea in 2015-16, but has added a personal trophy...
0	mrscollyo happy birthday!! have a top day. and hope everton batter chelsea on saturday for you haha! x
0	the early kick off on saturday is everton vs chelsea aka the john stones derby! btts written all over it?
0	lovely preview in the kensinton &amp; chelsea news for amici's new show '35 amici drive' opens tomorrow at lyrichammer
0	chelsea score their 4th of the good flowing move. afcb make all 3 subs afcbcst
0	rbkc frock me fair returns to chelsea old town hall this sunday from 11am with lots of amazing vintagefashion
0	binary's women crush wednesdays are chelsea &amp; shannon! come see their new works live at the prism tomorrow! wcw &lt;3
0	lukbon i've took the kids to 1st 4 home games going on sat but only can have 2 for chelsea so not going my history is 1 adult 3 juniors
0	im about to go to bed and tomorrow night ill be at the chris brown concert. wow i love life.
0	if chris brown hits the quan tomorrow expect my ass to run and jump on stage
0	tiaabrown_ i noticed that you love chris brown &amp; i saw that you gone meet him tomorrow so take pics like this! lol
0	i'm going to chris brown at isleta amphitheater in albuquerque, nm - sep 12
0	3rd and 7 for notredame and chris brown catches the 1st down pass
0	sack! jamal wilson with a sack of chris brown! 3rd down coming up
0	quite the home debut for notredame qb malik zaire, he just threw his 3rd td of the day to chris brown. nd up 38-3 on texas fox28 ndvstex
0	worked yesterday then the chris brown concert, worked again today and got a full day tomorrow, too... im ready for another cruise! vacation
0	seeing chris brown, kid ink,omarion,fetty wap,young thug,the migos, august alsina &amp; lil kim tonight was the best
0	well migos, fetty wap, omarian, kid ink, august alsina, young thug, and chris brown put on quite the show last night
0	body on me - rita ora (feat. chris brown) / may j lee choreography i think i pressed on the replay button too much
0	that's a wrap for the weekend! mika and chris brown finish in p6 (2nd in class) in the amoc_racing intermarque championship
0	the fact that i get to see chris brown thursday haleyholcomb__ you jel
0	nolongercrazy yes of cuz.. chris brown is working on his new album already and that's the 2nd single off the album after "liquor"
0	tomorrow night everybody gone be that chris brown picture on ig that says i don't want to go there because school the next day lol
0	i'm waiting for chris brown to get a hold on this song also. it sounds like something he may actually remix.
0	chris brown the 2nd greatest dancer of all time behind shelovesmeechie
0	ntsnzy it's decent, i still feel like chris brown has the best tuesday remix lmao
0	a whole monday and i can't get rid of the chris brown songs doing replays in my mind. for the love of breezy *sigh* cc poshqra
0	chris brown is me when me and my girl on good terms and that dude in blue in the back is when we're not
0	i tried to snap the chris brown concert saturday but they didn't all post. they on ig though.
0	then the chris brown concert the 19th with the niggas!
0	chris brown really had me saturday. he sung all the throwbacks
0	tomorrow is going to be a night full with chrisbrown we got kevin harts show, bet life of chris brown on and jimmy kimmel body on me !!
0	bet the life of is equivalent to vh1's behind the music and they starting off with chris brown tomorrow thatsmykinfolk
0	thenameissav new series on bet starts tomorrow about chris brown's life !!!
0	teambreezy make sure yall be tune in tomorrow to see chrisbrown on bet "the bet life of chris brown"
0	chris brown comes sept 15th and tickets are only $40. they're not great seats but still...someone should go with me
0	chris brown is gonna be at the game next sunday all is good
0	selling 1 ticket to chris brown this thursday sept 10!!!!! let me know if you or anyone you know wants it!!
0	check this out! i have chris brown with kid ink, fetty wap, omarion, and teyana taylor at austin 360 tomorrow....
0	listening to chris brown all day to get ready for tomorrow! so much greatness to listen to
0	chris brown concert tomorrow. who's willing to go with me?
0	i love that: -today, i brought a chris brown album. -thursday, i am going to a metal show. -saturday, i am seeing one direction. music
0	it's double shot two-ticket tuesday on power 106.7! every time you hear 2 chris brown songs back-to-back caller 10 at 888-1067 wins!!
0	jealous of everyone going to chris brown on thursday
0	lisee_p bruh. gotta go lol. and chris brown is coming this thursday after my first day at work. lit like bic.
0	iamjuliant i love chris brown sept 9 with jthrone
0	i got the bronco game and chris brown on sunday lol
0	all my friends actually want to go see chris brown this saturday... drink and have a good time... i think yes!!!!!!
0	"106andpark: did you enjoy last night's life of chris brown? next tuesday we explore the career of treysongz! bettreysongz
0	wel looks like i'm going to the after party tomorrow with fetty wap chris brown tyga etc thanks to my cuz
0	so when is game &amp; chris brown homie gonna fight ??? is it on pay per view or friday night hood fights ??
0	conor mcgregor backed up the talk and won interim gold with 2nd round tko.
0	conor mcgregor vs frankie edgar may be even better than tonight's fight
0	wow. conor mcgregor with a 2nd round stoppage just as he predicted. he can't seem to go wrong. believer conormcgregor chadmendes ufc189
0	conor mcgregor lived up to the 3 million dollar bet he wanted to make with dana of koing mendes in the 2nd.
0	with a 2nd-rd tko, conor mcgregor backed up the talk vs chad mendes &amp; won the interim featherweight title at ufc189.
0	fuck yeah!!! conor mcgregor won!!! he's the champ now!!!
0	ufc 189 was everything i wanted it to be and everything i imagined. robbie lawler ko in the 5th round and conor mcgregor ko end of the 2nd
0	conor mcgregor... what a true warrior and entertainer... think he may actually be a viking or something from the past... exciting future
0	conor mcgregor breathtaking! 2nd tko over chad mendes, now let's see if jose aldo mans the f*** up and fights you.
0	following his 2nd round knock-out last night, we make conor mcgregor 4/7 to defeat jose aldo...
0	conor, conor mcgregor - he may talk the talk but he sure does walk the walk, go on my son :) to watch:...
0	conor mcgregor may have a big mouth, but he consistently backs up what he says when he fights, gotta respect that
0	couldn't get a link to stream the fight last night, can't wait until monday night when its on 3e. delighted conor mcgregor won though ufc
0	finally it's sunday funday! whether you were out seeing tim mcgraw or watching conor mcgregor win the fight...
0	conor mcgregor is the real deal. stop ducking him aldo you pussy. today, i celebrate my half irishness by getting pissed. happy sunday all!
0	avecessi'' conor mcgregor's body shots the difference in title victory: on saturday night, one of the biggest pay-per-views in ufc hi...
0	still can't stop thinking about last nights fight card! conor mcgregor may talk a lot of smack but he always delivers. ufc189 mcgregor
0	hadyngreen you won! conor mcgregor knocks out chad mendes in 2nd round for interim title
0	jacobbelz dude! the coaches have been announced for the new tuf season starting september 9th. conor mcgregor for eu and urijah faber 4 usa
0	saturday ireland stayed up to see if conor mcgregor will win. sunday greece stayed up to see how much it will lose. thisisacoup
0	in honour of conor mcgregor's success in the early hours of yesterday morning, here's some monday morning...
0	conor mcgregor was very fortunate he was fighting chad mendes and not frankie edgar on saturday.
0	granted, conor mcgregor is an absolute beast. but, we are still yet to see him do it on a wednesday night at stoke.
0	happy 27th birthday to the one and only conor mcgregor!!
0	happy 27th birthday conor mcgregor (thenotoriousmma) - have a great day from everyone at mmakingdotcom !
0	according to several sources, the ufc is looking to re-book jose aldo junior &amp; conor mcgregor in december at...
0	conor mcgregor responds perfectly to everyone under the sun calling him out
0	duffy vs. poirier set october 24th if he loses to another irishman conor mcgregor will eat him up alive on social media.
0	champ ronda,eye of the tiger baby! bethe is a conor mcgregor wanna be in this pic..ronda will win,easy money tomorrow
0	i think the dude sat next to aldo should put on a conor mcgregor face mask so we can see jose running again.
0	ronda is bringing a lot of new eyes to the ufc and i love it:) conor mcgregor vs jose aldo and ronda rousey vs tate dallas stadium in dec.:)
0	jose aldo and conor mcgregor are set to square off on december 5 at dallas cowboys' stadium. ufc president dana white revealed he hopes to
0	conor mcgregor vs. max holloway ii for the undisputed ufc fw title on december 12th is going to be fun.
0	update to last story - ufc 194 will be december 12 at mgm grand garden arena with jose aldo vs. conor mcgregor
0	jose aldo vs conor mcgregor set for december 12th at the mgm grand in las vegas. ufc
0	thequeenheel if i remember correctly, you're a conor mcgregor fan. if you didn't hear, the jose aldo match is set for dec 12th in vegas.
0	conor mcgregor vs jose aldo scheduled for dec 12. that means we only have 3 mths until aldo announces he's withdrawing due to 'injury' ufc
0	so conor mcgregor is already the favorite leading up to the fight in december. i feel the odds will fluctuate quite a bit! ufc ufc194
0	conor mcgregor's next fight is announced for december. starting now that's like 6 months of loading up the band wagon again.. kickboxing
0	diego sanchez has shown interest in a fight with conor mcgregor. douglas crosby may possibly be his only hope.
0	want to be part of the excitement this december for the conor mcgregor fight? -
0	i can't wait to see chad mendes vs frankie edgar on december 11!! then conor mcgregor vs jose aldo on the 12!! dec. hurry up please!!
0	december 12th cant come fast enough. conor mcgregor is gonna put jose aldo where he needs to be.. out of championship contention.
0	conor mcgregor is jokes man, he tears em all apart at that conference, looking forward to dec. 12th
0	las vegas -- conor mcgregor was in rare form friday during the go big press conference. the brash irishman took...
0	watching tuf tomorrow just because conor mcgregor and urijah faber are the coaches.
0	lincolnhardo bro, she may just be more marketable. remember that david beckham was the highest earner in football for a very long time.
0	another mint monday off. currently watching david beckham into the unknown. what a specimen.
0	regram of david beckham with his daughter harper. happy 4th birthday harper. iamadad dadsgirl
0	i had a dream i met david beckham at the airport and we were both on the same flight so he got me into 1st class. step it up, real life.
0	social media boosts vintage cars: new york - david beckham may have more of an influence on you than you think...
0	'knock knock: live:' david beckham surprises family in need: tuesday marked the debut of "knock knock:... family
0	knock knock, who's there? david beckham with a cheque for $100,000. for one californian family on tuesday night, this wan't a terrible
0	callumswanny maven he said you were the 2nd best person after david beckham.
0	david beckham gives $100,000 to shocked family on tv - david beckham just scored a really big assist. in tuesday's...
0	new hair again tomorrow :-) hopefully look like this but unfortunately without the money, posh cars, david beckham...
0	just found out david beckham could be at the game saturday. cool.
0	david beckham: soccer legend celebrates 16th wedding anniversary by getting: a number that marks one of the mo...
0	july 27th three years ago; the night david beckham drove past me on the thames on a motor boat. blessedbybecks
0	cestwendy ayeyovee he may even be hotter than david beckham
0	david beckham may have just passed taylor swift on the good deeds list... check this out!
0	david beckham just scored a really big assist. in tuesday's debut of the good samaritan show "knock knock: live" on fox, the soccer great
0	david beckham and brad pitt pose for ultimate wedding snap at guy ritchie's nuptials: it may have been guy ritchie's big day, but dav...
0	it's monday and you know what that means. blessing your timelines with a little mcm. david beckham your are perfect.
0	leading the way at guy ritchie and jacqui ainsley's wedding on thursday were the likes of david beckham and jemima khan.
0	beckham poses in adidas kit - see the fan-pleasing image that david beckham has uploaded to his personal instagram ..
0	david beckham showed off his masculine side on monday as he prepared to take a spin in los angeles on one of his vintage motorcycles.
0	david beckham scored a goal for parents monday, striking back against all the critics who tell us they know how...
0	teacher: the sun is the hottest thing we know to exist. me: have you seen david beckham?
0	rio ferdinand thinks manchester united may have signed the next david beckham:
0	if i could have any soccer player i want it'd be prince boateng,david beckham or neymar jr....beckham is 1st choice
0	was it liam payne or david beckham on the video we may never know dragmedownmusicvideoisout
0	have we all seen the new belstaff + david beckham + harvey keitel fashion film trailer? cheers up a dreary monday!
0	so... i'm sat having a lovely dinner in tattumcr with richardupshall ... and david beckham comes in ...
0	i was just david beckham's 14th follower 14thofmillions
0	one of the worlds biggest icons david beckham dined tattumcr in spinningfields this wednesday manchester beckham
0	david beckham - just because he's fabulous and it's friday. enjoy inked tgif
0	may god bless me with a husband like david beckham
0	if david beckham is campaigning for the dad of the year award, then he may have just pulled it out of the bag...
0	real_liam_payne happy 12th birthday david beckham!!! &lt;3 love you!
0	dondekojo david beckham was once the 2nd best player in the world,playing for one of the biggest clubs too. a lot of context to that
0	this time tomorrow we'll be in very good company as david beckham receives the hmvfe20 award!
0	becks shows love for son brooklyn with new 'buster' tattoo: washington d.c., sep 1 : david beckham might just ...
0	david beckham shares sweet snap as he kisses his 'beautiful boy' romeo on his 13th birthday
0	sir alex pays tribute to becks - see what sir alex and others had to say about david beckham as he receives legend ..
0	a slow-mo video of david beckham and the family's new pup, olive, to kick start your sunday? sure.
0	had dinner with david beckham tonight. pretty good way to end my last sunday in london.
0	perfect for a rainy sunday at home cuddled on the couch watching a movie! david beckham bodywear for
0	northern ireland 1-0 england: the night windsor park blew david beckham away: in the aftermath maybe, just may...
0	david beckham may play james bond in the next 007 blockbuster
0	david beckham says of son romeo acting as england mascot tonight as 13th birthday treat:" i still have a few connections with the fa"..
0	david cameron &amp; theresa may - please just *do something* to help refugeeswelcome number10gov ukhomeoffice migrantcrisis
0	.guardian leader on "the remorseless drift of david cameron" in response to refugee crisis
0	david cameron "very well-informed" about ccs, "according to experts who have briefed him". yes i bet he is.
0	jblresearch nice one david cameron, great news that and long may it continue. tightentheborders
0	david cameron is expected to announce the uk will take in more syrian refugees: heartnews
0	david cameron said the u.k. would take in thousands more syrian refugees, by patrickwintour |
0	david cameron considering taking syrian refugees from un camps makes sense may stop the masses paying the traffickers who trade on misery
0	i think david cameron has caught the sun....
0	brilliant steve bell cartoon on david cameron and the refugee crisis
0	more proof that canada's stephen harper was cut from the same neo con cloth as tonyabbott and david cameron elxn42
0	congratulations david cameron! may god bless you &amp; your country.
0	david cameron david_cameron sep 4 taking refugees direct from camps allows a safe route to the uk, rather than the hazardous journey.
0	news on his visit to madrid last friday david cameron was clear he wanted a united spain: the statement made ...
0	it filled my heart with pride to see the huge march in oxford this afternoon. i hope david cameron saw and heard. refugeeswelcome
0	bbc_haveyoursay bbcnews david cameron is like god &amp; guide to syrian refugees.god may blees the people like david cameron
0	corinneam the sun did not win it for david cameron. nicola sturgeon is "wot won it"!
0	victorialive good on david cameron he has grown a pair of balls and long may it continue this is a clear message to isis whoever they are
0	madisonellebeer are you going to digi tomorrow
0	i really hope madison goes to digi tomorrow because i want to meet her
0	yes um sunsation, omg, digifest, bedtime stories, and i'm going to digi again september 5
0	omaha_magc0n digitour i'm gonna dm you the user and password for the snapchat account and you just post on it tomorrow at digi
0	jackjackjohnson johnson, i'm meeting you in september at digi in houston! are you as excited to meet me as i am to meet you?
0	thegabyconnors i know when i met him the 3rd time at digi when we stage kissed i started crying when he hugged me &amp; he just kept saying ily
0	so i gave up on buying tix to slay bells in december. then ic the creativecollab tour and find out it is digi. digitour is following me man
0	digimon... digi... mon... digital... monsters! omg! they're digital... monsters! i get it now! and they're the champions!
0	digi is mixing it up tonight, lets get taco!!!!!!!
0	suitablecash digi was on the 18th but i didn't go but im going to slaybells
0	is it even possible to go to digi on a monday without getting paralytic
0	papertowns fanscreen the best night of my life was february 26, where i almost got to meet you, but i met lots of amazing people! (digi)
0	"the only thing good about a monday is digi"- ben tait 2k15..he nas
0	going to digi tomorrow, last time i was there it was a 2 man session (me and david) and we ended up in powerhouse, which was certainly fun
0	carterreynolds i love so much r u going to digi tour october 22
0	saraakayy i'd be going forever man, order a taxi every monday for me graveyard to digi, buried with k2's and that
0	hannahwaydaxo digitour i'm going too!! i'm so excited, did you go to digi on june 13th??
0	sebtsb i have them on i have always had them on and i cried when i found out you were gonna be able to make it to digi tour atl feb 21st
0	my mam just bought liam a car but all he's bothered about is going to digi tomorrow night
0	the good news is that december 4th i'm going to atlanta for digi so we all good
0	got tomorrow off, not going to digi tonight would be rude
0	markiplier just got twitter, here's me and digi mon
0	celebinfoforyou please help me get the hotel for digi fest dallas sunday please
0	whoever is going to digi tomorrow i wish yall to have soo much fun
0	when you don't know what you're wearing to digi &amp; it's tomorrow
0	can't wait for tomorrow!! digitour mvaliando i get to meet nashgrier and i can't even believe it. ready for digi!
0	sammywilk i hope you have an amazing day tomorrow at digi, love you
0	bro i hope tomorrow's digi is good cause last time i went it was ok a good experience plus i got electrocuted by a wall charger
0	shawnvscody are u going to digi tomorrow
0	to anyone that is going to digi tomorrow can you please tell nash that i love him... please
0	last night may have been my last digi concert for a while. but i had an amazing night. thank you for everything digi. digitour
0	i'll be impressed if i even make it to digi tomorrow
0	balakaydeming tell reed i said thank you for letting me use his portable charger at digi on saturday please!!!!!
0	brockstaa after we get our winnings from hiko and koosta im going all in on digi for tomorrow ty hell raiser fangayz
0	student loan paid in monday. not a chance i won't be going to digi on the nighttime
0	i'm like a little kid the night before going to disneyland! can't wait to be in houston tomorrow for footballasu game! freezetamu asu
0	i'm sick as fuck but that's not stopping me from going to disneyland tomorrow
0	frshbakeddisney if you guys will be in disneyland tomorrow, can you check out pooh corner please? i would really appreciate it! :)
0	the plan is to go to disneyland tomorrow and wear either an ankle brace or my acl brace to get a front of the line pass committed
0	living it up in socal! first stop, 626 night market, disneyland tomorrow, and ending with nocturnal wonderland!
0	someone go to disneyland with me starting the 11th i love halloween time
0	happy 16th to the only person who will go meet the princess with me at disneyland ily shae
0	xasiazox daviddelano i'm doin good!! i fell at disneyland on tuesday, but i'm alive! haha. went to a csulb event tonight; so much fun!!
0	myrandanykole_ you still down for disneyland on friday?
0	i'm in love with efteling! like a quirky crazy non-pc version of disneyland. can't wait to go back tomorrow!
0	all i want to do with my life is go to disneyland in october for the halloween theme !!
0	i asked my mom if i could go to disneyland on monday and she asked if lana parrilla was going to be there
0	i'm going to disneyland!!!!!! see ya guys tues
0	i was so close to not going to otra and go to disneyland on the 9th-11th but my parents love me so much. thanks
0	in other news i'm going to disneyland tomorrow
0	that feeling i used to get when i new i was going to disneyland the next day is how i feel about going to the sparks game tomorrow haha
0	i want to go to disneyland tomorrow. i'm always there tho.. it's getting creepy. bahahaha
0	ohitsstacy la county fair on labor day lol. why not just go to disneyland on 4th of july too while youre at it haha
0	today thefountainphx is truly one church in multiple locations : the desert, the mountains, the beach, disneyland.... have a great sunday!
0	i'm going to cali for disneyland on tuesday i don't think i can handle being this excited
0	matthewlush are you going to disneyland on the 18th for dapper day?!
0	my bucket list: make a yearly visit to disneyland in late january and then hang out with my l.a. friends for a week. posted 9-6-15.
0	yay for going to disneyland tomorrow but i'm sad that it won't be halloween decorated yet
0	roomie and i are moving into our new apartment tomorrow and then going to disneyland in 3 days.
0	"chris i'm going to disneyland tomorrow" "buy me new toy" ok little one
0	been a great day! finished my 20th overall half marathon this morning at disneyland. werunsocial runchat
0	finally going to disneyland tomorrow idc if it's gonna be packed
0	cluelessghost i'm going to be at disneyland on wed if you have time to pop in. xd
0	my dad just asked me if i wanna go to disneyland tomorrow, i'm crying
0	today was the last day of disneyland's regular space mountain. as of this friday, it will be space mountain ghost galaxy.
0	44537 steps may be a personal record. half marathon in morning, disneyland in the afternoon. disneylandhalf disneyland60
0	i had to represent. and we been off and on like ever since. might take you back to disneyland girl i ain't forget.
0	and tomorrow she wants to go to the movies. and the day after i think we're going to disneyland.
0	someone just told me this friday is officially halloween time at disneyland and i'm screaming !!!!!!!!!!!!!?!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
0	i seriously might just take the fam to disneyland right now and come back in time for work tomorrow. got a stack, why not?
0	socalcharles yeah i'm ready for bed. long but fun day at disneyland tomorrow.
0	it's going to be 100 degrees at disneyland tomorrow. so i will pretty much riding small world over and over again, bc it as a/c. lol
0	i'll be at disneyland tomorrow; if you see us, caw caw or give me a hug &lt;3
0	going to disneyland with janacaroljcc and a bunch of friends tomorrow! : d
0	on this day in 1955, disneyland welcomed its one-millionth guest, just seven weeks after its july 17th grand opening.
0	who's down for disneyland with hellojaninee and i for my birthday on thursday?!
0	as happy as i am to be going to disneyland this saturday, i wish i was going next friday for dapper day instead.
0	remembering that time i said "may the force be with you" to buzz lightyear at disneyland ... toinfinitiandbeyond
0	that awkward moment when jccaylen is in disneyland and you're not.. you better be there when i go in november hint hint
0	i may be a big old grump in places children tend to be but you just can't be a grump at disneyland you're a kid too at disneyland
0	can i just go to disneyland for my 21st or is that super lame lol
0	gonna be at disneyland tomorrow. hella excited. it's been too long. come hang out with me and getter and a bunch of other djs!
0	night everyone. we will be in beverly hills most of the day tomorrow and then disneyland tomorrow night. love y'all!
0	family vacation starts today! heading off to disneyland!!!! see you all later, i'll be back on saturday night! xd
0	turning 21 the thursday before halloween, &amp; i honestly wouldn't mind just going to disneyland lol
0	realdonaldtrump foxnews karlrove silent majority: donald trump may be an s.o.b., but he's our s.o.b. make america great again!
0	donald trump may have the answer for america's immigration reform, if we are to survive terrorists attacks from all who are already here.
0	donald trump tweets: may i tell you that i'm having a lovely labor day weekend at hugh hefner's place? hef is a gentleman and a friend.
0	donald trump - he covers all the bases.
0	if you haven't had a chance yet, maxabelson's piece is great sunday reading: donald trump: how the myth was made
0	i can't wait to see donald trump at the american airlines center in dallas on sep 14. i heard he was 10 ft. tall &amp; bulletproof. trump2016
0	if you're thinking about voting for donald trump you might want to read this article 1st
0	realdonaldtrump poptartmom thank you, donald trump. you honor our dead by standing against iran deal on 14th anniversary of 9/11.
0	free tickets for donald trump at the night of sept 12 th at american airlines arena ! going...
0	smshow donald trump will tilt the planet away from the sun. it'll be marvelous and you're gonna love it.
0	i can't wait for donald trump to get elected president and then end the oath of office with "live from new york, it's saturday night!"
0	this will probably help erdogan in the new elections.
0	may allah bless erdogan with wisdom and capacity to move forward.
0	anyone have a track ticket to the eric church concert friday? _unisecrets
0	i really hope eric church covers "thunder road" and "born to run" tomorrow. that would make my night!
0	i'd like to go see eric church tomorrow. friends make it happen
0	when you have the best boyfriend ever.... back stage passes to eric church in september zsholly
0	who wants to go see eric church with me and nick_costello12 tomorrow!?! $10 admission plus some extra for food and gas
0	i would definitely be okay with eric church playing springsteen at least 3 times tomorrow night. grettune
0	really want to go to eric church tomorrow..
0	riverfront park is almost open with eric church on july 30th. read the 5 things you need to know before going!
0	drink in my hand by eric church is the perfect song for leaving work on friday
0	note to self for tomorrow: come to tim mcgraw much earlier than you did for eric church... the track entrance is moving slow.
0	fun night for everyone that remembered the concert.. right derek? 1st luthern eric church
0	i'm ready for thursday and eric church with kranina
0	any of my friends have ne magical powers to get me 2 tix to see eric church this thursday? will pay cash... need to make the wifey smile....
0	it just hit me that i'm seeing eric church acoustic in nashville tomorrow. chief
0	who's in the pit for eric church's acoustic show on the nashville riverfront tomorrow night?? this guy
0	i have two tickets for eric church tomorrow night at the new amphitheater if anyone is interested
0	can you believe tomorrow is opening night? who's going to see eric church?? ascend
0	going to see eric church on august 22 if anyone is interested in going
0	eric church for the 6th time tonight! this time it's acoustic only... oh my god.
0	mamatpott eric church opening the brand new venue downtown tonight and tomorrow. tomorrow dolly at ryman. shania at bridgestone. insanity
0	eric church tonight and tomorrow downtown 2 nights in a row i think yes
0	nashville will be rocking downtown with 4 concerts tomorrow night, dolly parton. shania twain, eric church and the monkeys!! 4 venues
0	eric church plays new *never heard before* song about his son in nashville july 30th. performance here
0	start monday morning with a new song from eric church!
0	eric church friday night with my wife cantseeapparel pimpnjoy americastrong
0	always a good day with eric church onthejob
0	you may be cool, but you'll never be eric church has a cup holder on his mic stand cool
0	cmafest keith urban with eric church ...... omg. i may die
0	andriagray saw him in indy with eric church, brantley &amp; others. 1st act started 5 and kenny started around 9.
0	anybody wanna go see eric church august 27th at the state fair with me????
0	ericchurchmusic eric church has to play springsteen, chattanooga style when he hits ford field in detroit aug 22nd!
0	it's a sunny sausagefest saturday afternoon but if we are going 2 make it 2 church on time it's time to slow up the pace! eric church 2night
0	a so to burlscreek for the most amazing night bootsandhearts eric church and then theafter party. tomorrow leahdaniels and emersondrive
0	made $145 in tips tonight, my dad's fixing my car tomorrow, &amp; i'm buying my eric church ticket soon, i guess my moods a little better.
0	eric church is headlining a festival in raleigh on october 17 &amp; 18 and i may or may not be the happiest person ever right now
0	have you snagged your tickets to see kenny chesney and eric church at ford field on august 22?
0	thelonebellow i want to see you guys at the allentownfair on sept 4 but not eric church.... firstworldproblems
0	i wish every day was october 11th 2014 because i miss eric church
0	"she looks nice! it says she loves sleeping in on saturdays, college fb games, not acting her age, and good bbq" "mar that's eric church.."
0	haywayqbs morning huda. happy friday.wishing everyone a great weekend. could you play wrecking ball for eric church. thanks.
0	when eric church sings hell on the heart tomorrow i will cry. there's no doubt about it.
0	who's going to kenny and eric church tomorrow and wants to tailgate with dougzundelll and i?
0	the wolf is howling as the eric church concert is thursday night at the fair!! we have more tickets! listen tomorrow afternoon with skip!
0	eric church was absolutely amazing last saturday...he never disappoints
0	last chance!!! i have 2 eric church tickets for tomorrow night at the state fair. please text or message me if interested!
0	friday night cruising through tennessee, listening to eric church with my love bliss
0	thursday i was at eric church, last night i was at oar, tonight i'm in my pajamas already watching cars. rock star life.
0	froggy1013 it's good! drink in my hand- eric church may be about my life though.. requestingasongviatwitter
0	anyone going to the eric church concert on saturday?
0	what dreams forget, the whisky remembers. kinda like molasses in late december, justa creepin'. - eric church.
0	you may not know this, but before he was a famous country star . . . eric church was a knife salesman. he talked...
0	anyone wanna go to the eric church concert saturday at buckeye lakes i'll provide a ride just buy you're ticket
0	ready to fall in love with eric church on saturday
0	can't wait to see eric church tomorrow with tcoriell ! drinkalittledrink smokealittlesmoke
0	no doubt my mom will either faint or take her top off when she meets eric church tomorrow
0	let's see how many couples are going to start dry humping when eric church sings wrecking ball tomorrow countryjam
0	pictures: eric church performs friday at the great allentown fair atownfair
0	floatin soaking up some sun n some eric church. can it get any better than this?
0	laying out in the sun with eric church and the lake in the background perfection carolina laborday
0	dierks bentley and eric church at countryconcert! happy 22nd birthday to me! is it july yet?
0	federer stays winning. into the finals tomorrow.
0	federer beats murray 6-4, 7-6(6) to reach cincytennis final. he'll be going for his 7th title vs novak djokovic, who is going for his first
0	way to go roger. old man federer just keeps rolling along. djokernole v. fed for the final tomorrow. cincytennis
0	djokovic v federer should be good one tomorrow. fancy the swiss, can't see djokovic coming back if he falls behind in this one.
0	federer will play another final tomorrow. this guy is just amazing. cincytennis
0	excited for the federer vs. djokovic final in cincinnati tomorrow afternoon. should be some great tennis!
0	serena punches her ticket to the finals in straight sets. joins djokovic and federer in tomorrow's cincytennis singles finals. decent trio.
0	love this new trick that federer has when he is facing a 2nd serve. running up to the serve line and taking it early is unreal!
0	some outrageous shots from federer in the tiebreak. the clean half volley return of a djokovic 2nd serve just about the best of them.
0	federer breaks early in the 2nd set! even consolidates the break! up 3-0! rf tennis cincytennis
0	for the 1st time, federer has beaten no.1 and no.2 players in the atp rankings in consecutive matches en route to a title. cincytennis
0	federer is my 2nd fave male tennis player of all time right after the great arthur ashe.
0	what a great day for world sport: usain got his 9th gold, federer claimed cincinnati title no 7 and i pumped some weights. truepro
0	new tennispodcast tomorrow, reviewing federer, serena and the pre us open storylines. this is what we sound like
0	add to the results, federer over djokovic and lewis hamilton, and it's not a bad sunday at all!
0	23rd of august was such a nice day, england lift ashes, bolt won 100 m and federer beats djokovic in cincinati.
0	"papa you need a hat" thus said one of federer's twin girls.......congrats again for winning cinci for the 7th time rogerfederer
0	federer overtakes lendl for second longest streak of being seeded at the us open in the open era. 15th straight year. connors leads with 18.
0	vivi_rfobsessed looks clear cut for federer though. but 3 sets may be a critical variable when he plays against stan or murray
0	all though federer will probably obliterate the 4th quarter i think gasquet 200/1 looks big usopen
0	livetennis i believe federer has a good chance of winning the title for the 6th time but he needs to hold his composer against djokovic!
0	federer is looking good after winning cincy for the 7th time.
0	you'll love this. fedfantejal blastfromthepast, federer, murray, serena, djokovic. its got it all. worththeread
0	tennis-tough tests from the start for federer, murray: new york, aug 30 (reuters) - roger federer and andy mur...
0	tsextratime benrothenberg novak is surely the man to beat. federer or murray may run him to the base line. the usual suspects.
0	i believe rafa could win a 3rd usopen title if he can make it to the semifinals at least because of federer, murray, etc. usopenworld
0	how to watch federer and murray on tuesday at the 2015 us open: roger federer will begin his 2015 us open on t...
0	jim_hulbert federer faced the highest ranked guy in r1. his draw is tricky. so is murray's.if fed reaches the qfs, then he may meet berdy.
0	yes, federer's attacking return is brilliant. but yes, it's a play club players can do too, esp. off weak and predictable 2nd serves
0	not going to be able to watch federer's match vs darcis but expect to wake up tomorrow to read of a comprehensive victory for the swiss.
0	darcis stops the bleeding by winning his 1st game since 1-0 in the first serve. well, one kind of bleeding because federer's still leading.
0	federer is about to be done with his match in the same time the 5th set of the hewitt vs. tomic match takes!
0	jo konta's win over muguruza was the longest ever women's usopen match &amp; the 1st set alone lasted as long as federer's entire match! woah!
0	federer defeats darcis 6-1 6-2 6-1 to advance to 3rd round at the usopen accomplishing a perfect 16-0 in 2nd round
0	last year, majority of the federer matches took place primetime. this year, it's the other way around. 2nd on ashe tomorrow
0	the 1st week of the 2015 usopen is almost up &amp; the big names of serena, venus, djokovic, murray, federer &amp; wawrinka are still in the draw.
0	mmunro91 i may have never seen a player play a higher tennis level than i just saw, nadal, federer and djokovic included. make no mistake,
0	fognini is i believe only the 3rd one to beat nadal 3 or more times in a year - the others (no points for guessing) federer and djokovic.
0	federer breaks the kohlschreiber serve!! federer is on red hot form &amp; doesnt look like stopping. fed leads 2-0 in the 1st set usopen
0	good starts for federer and stosur. berdych level at 1-1 after winning the 2nd set!
0	wow, tragic start from federer in the 3rd
0	just like in the 2nd, federer breaks back.
0	johnisner i concur with your coach. its you! amextennis good luck tomorrow against federer!
0	federer defeats kohlschreiber 6-3 6-4 6-4 to go through to the 4th round usopen
0	rosequartz0518 _claudiaw beep beep...! yep, murray and federer into the top 16. phew! :) see you tomorrow!
0	monday at the us open: murray, federer &amp; konta are all in action at flushing meadows today
0	federer's second serve placement is awesome. that's why he's the best server ever. nobody has better placement on 1st or 2nd serve
0	gonna have to dvr this isner and federer match... this thing is good. getting ready to head to a tiebreaker in the 1st set. usopen2015
0	federer saved 4 bp (from 0/40) and holds for 2-2 in the 2nd set.
0	ok time to check back in with tennis - isner and federer heading into a 2nd tiebreak
0	federer just ended the 2nd set with a couple of ridiculously good shots.
0	federer rebounds from 3-5 down in the 2nd set tb to take it 8-6. leads isner. 7-6(0) 7-6(6) usopen
0	i watched federer calmly destroy a dude at the us open on thursday, and it was amazing. i still thought "you're not sick of this dude yet?"
0	i believe the loss at rg to wawrinka was first time in a decade federer didn't break once in a gs match. this might be the 2nd. usopen2015
0	wow, federer wastes 3 bps with 3 isner's 2nd serves. fed 0/8 on bps tonight
0	federer's 1st serve is just...perfect. usopen
0	federer just won his 15th straight point on his serve... lol wow
0	nerdistmom it's weird that in the 1st set federer &amp; isner went game for game until the tiebreak. then federer trucked him in the tiebreak
0	federer breaks his own record with a 14th appearance at the atp finals after reaching the us qf finalshowdown
0	with his consistency in playing great tennis, i am sure federer will crush gasquet in the qf. c'mon federer!!
0	.richardgasquet1 honing his game on p3 court for his match with federer tomorrow. usopen
0	i think i may have popped my ear drums and a vain in my head from singing along to fleetwood mac very loudly down the parkway noregrets
0	three bands who could have challenged ledzeppelin : 1st jeff beck group, free and fleetwood mac (with peter green).
0	it may look like im going to hard to trap music while driving right now but i assure you i'm listening to fleetwood mac
0	davelackie heathermarrin we may have had a small fleetwood mac style party in your yard but it's okay we invited the neighbors lolol
0	just said farewell to a bottle of glenlivet in the company of fleetwood mac. adieu mon cheri!
0	sat in the garden listening to some fleetwood mac. living the dream.
0	bit a fleetwood mac on a sunny sunday will go hand in hand with a desperados.
0	listening to fleetwood mac and having my candles lit is the perfect sunday evening
0	rumours have it that fleetwood mac may be playing at abudhabif1 inabudhabi
0	tango in the night by fleetwood mac was no.11 in the uk album charts on 4 august 1988
0	sports programme theme tunes were a topic on the radio just now. fleetwood mac - the chain for bbc f1 a classic but ski sunday was also good
0	i may say a lot of things about fleetwood mac, but the rumours album is practically perfect.
0	off to the grind when really i just want to make shows, write features &amp; do interviews all day to the music of fleetwood mac. happy thurs!
0	"friday nite lineup" recommences tonight. 7p pst...fleetwood mac, red hot chili peppers, justin timberlake...
0	gonna record me and ciarans mash up of fleetwood mac songs tomorrow ha! so bad!! but it's fun
0	monday. so here's some fleetwood mac - go your own way. have a great day :) via youtube
0	funny when fleetwood mac's "monday morning" comes up on shuffle during the first run of the week
0	bright blue skies for the smooth drive home, with fleetwood mac, al green &amp; hopefully sunday dinner leftovers in the fridge for tea!
0	sat trying to blog finally, and fleetwood mac comes on. sign today is going to be a good day, and i'm not missing out on the valpo sun...
0	don't forget the mount hot pools second soak 'n' sounds tomorrow night featuring none other than fleetwood mac!!!
0	on sat 26 sept, the world's first and best fleetwood mac tribute band fleetwood bac, are here. tickets &amp; info:
0	still entertained by music which accompanied sunday's silverstone uk truck racing. first race: fleetwood mac with the chain f1
0	fleetwood mac on the radio, driving towards a weekend of camping in whitstable with some excellent people. our friday afternoon is winning.
0	friday night home alone - it started fleetwood mac, it's gone afghan whigs. i'm nothing if not predictable
0	rumourz - tribute to fleetwood mac, saturday, august 29, 7:30pm free admission! a preview is playing on the huge...
0	rumourz -tribute to fleetwood mac, saturday, august 29, live on the historic palace theatre lockport stage!
0	telling me to stop is like telling fleetwood mac to stop thinking about tomorrow they'll never do it
0	themaninblock11 welcome! for me it was fleetwood mac. by the way, may i present my favourite-named tribute band:
0	just found out i won tickets to see a fleetwood mac tribute band tomorrow night. is it sad that i'm really excited about this?
0	seeing a fleetwood mac tribute band tonight and a selena tribute band tomorrow night. i am excited.
0	whatever you looking out for, have a great friday.... fleetwood mac - big love btc bitcoin
0	houston peeps: go see rumours (fleetwood mac cover band from los angeles) at hobhouston on saturday. you won't regret it.
0	best band in the world, fleetwood mac, live in concert on sky arts. saturday night sorted.
0	i narrowed it down to a top 3 of: 3rd: rumors by fleetwood mac 2nd: the libertines by the libertines (funny enough)
0	tusk - fleetwood mac. another great sunday morning album (bit of a commitment but worth it).
0	guess who's going to sit in a tub and listen to fleetwood mac and pretend tomorrow isn't monday? me
0	hello soggy monday. coffee with fleetwood mac greatest hits - well why not? mondaymorning
0	fleetwood mac is the only thing getting me through this monday morning
0	"yes, i can live today, if you give me tomorrow, as long as you follow." love me some fleetwood mac! vinylrecords
0	i'm ready for monday mornings just because my alarm blasts monday morning by fleetwood mac
0	don't miss this exciting show! rumourz, tribute to fleetwood mac is coming to the palace this saturday at 7:30pm....
0	update on the event for saturday sept 12th for those who were expecting a fleetwood mac open microphone night,...
0	when friday begins with some fleetwood mac grooovin
0	join us at cobo bay this sunday for the best fleetwood mac tribute band! plus 15% off drinks
0	danbirkitt ah good, sat in restaurant the other night fleetwood mac playing in the background both my kids sang along proudmummoment haha
0	sunday only, dj linds spins the latest in fleetwood mac hits at pressy lake's hottest club, picken's roost! kayak bottle service available.
0	sunday fun day; put on a pair of sweatpants, play some fleetwood mac, and get right with yourself!
0	heathermorriss don't worry. the other week i got paid wednesday, then thursday spent most of it on a fleetwood mac ticket oops priorities
0	kelly_clarkson seeing you tomorrow night in houston. would love to hear you sing landslide by fleetwood mac. fanrequest
0	morning all, happy wednesday. what tunes shall we get on in the office? i'm feeling some fleetwood mac, maybe some bowie, or even bananarama
0	listening to this whopper on the morning run. happy thursday! fleetwood mac - go your own way vinylcrow nowspinning
0	fleetwood mac are responsible for some of the best songs ever recorded. come see them performed this saturday by the world turning revue!
0	fleetwood mac is the perfect sunday driving music
0	listening to fleetwood mac and doing research and trying to get with the times lol productive monday
0	more details about the galaxy note 5 leak which indicate device may have a microsd card slot &amp; more
0	leaked pictures suggest the galaxy note 5 may also come in golden colors.
0	samsung will show its new galaxy hardware at august 13 event: hot on the heels of more galaxy note 5 photos le...
0	samsung may allow pen detach by voice or gesture on the galaxy note 5 ....
0	galaxy note 5: samsung sends out invites for august 13 unpacked event: yes, the previous rumors were ... samsung
0	galaxy note 5 may have the great selfie camera of the s6 smartphones
0	samsung to kick serious ass with an early release of its signature galaxy note phablet on aug 13. pymnts
0	on august 13 all eyes will be on samsung as it takes to the stage in new york city to unveil the galaxy note 5...
0	this is the galaxy note 5 in all its glory: samsung is set to announce its new galaxy note 5 on august 13, and...
0	ericfisher i'm hopefully getting the galaxy note 4 tomorrow. been debating on this for awhile now
0	w/ tmobile 11 yrs. this is going to b fun, because i have note 4. samsung will announce galaxy note 5 on august 13th
0	samsung galaxy s6 edge plus could be available on august 21: samsung is scheduled to announce the galaxy note...
0	galaxy note 5 may come with exynos 7420 and no microsd card slot
0	6 august, 2015 samsung's grand unveiling of the galaxy note 5 will happen next week, on august 13. and as we get...
0	samsungmobile galaxy note 5 edge with dual edge display. august 13. mark your calendars.
0	dual-sim version of the galaxy note 5 may include a microsd slot after all: just as we'd re... technology phone
0	galaxy note 5 leaks s6 style plus pop out pen - released on aus on the 14th
0	may sell off my samsung galaxy note 4 for the samsunggalaxynote5
0	samsung may be getting ready to unveil the galaxy note 5 and galaxy s6 edge+ in just a few days, but the korea...
0	edgarntege i am waiting for that dubai festival in oct,i want u to come back with also the galaxy note 5 wen t comes out plus the shoes
0	websitedesign news samsung plans to launch the galaxy note 5 and galaxy s6 edge plus at its unpacked event this thursday. it is the...
0	bookmark to follow our full coverage of the galaxy note 5 and galaxy s6 edge plus unveiling this august 13th in nyc!
0	samsung is prepping for thursday when we'll see the galaxy note 5 and galaxy s6 edge+ officially announced. in...
0	btw they are announcing the galaxy note 5 thursday copped
0	samsung's galaxy note 5 will be officially announced tomorrow, here's a quick look at it
0	expect our extensive galaxy note 5 and s6 edge+ coverage tomorrow: it's hardly a secret anymore: the galaxy no...
0	new galaxy note launching tomorrow. you can watch it live with pcadvisor
0	if the two new phones look mighty similar, it may be because the galaxy note shares the same "design legacy" as the galaxy s6, denison says.
0	wow. august 21 release day. gimme that galaxy note 5.
0	galaxy note 5 and galaxy s6 edge plus coming aug. 21, pre-orders begin today: samsung on thursday announced it...
0	samsung unveils the galaxy note 5 and galaxy s6 edge+: on thursday, august 13, samsung officially u... jailbreak
0	samsung launches the galaxy note 5, arriving next friday
0	are you ready? samsung's galaxy note offiically available august 21st!
0	this galaxy note 5 accessory may help you get over blackberry envy:
0	after the samsung press conference on friday, i'm inspired to buy a galaxy note 4 when the price drops to clear old inventory :)
0	galaxy note 5 commercial showcases the new s-pen: samsung finally announced the galaxy note 5 on thursday, we ...
0	samsung has introduced their two new smartphones last friday - the galaxy s6 edge+ and galaxy note 5! stay ahead...
0	pair the galaxy note 5 4g+ with our mobile plan today! enjoy more perks now till 28 aug.
0	samsung's galaxy note 5 will be released this thursday. here are the top 5 changes to expect.
0	so johnlegere says the galaxy note 5 and s6 edge+ t-mobile release is tomorrow, instead!
0	recommended: verizon begins shipping galaxy note 5, t-mobile will start tomorrow: pre-orders for the samsung g...
0	android: samsung will launch the galaxy note 5 in these countries: samsung may have only launched the galaxy ...
0	samsung's galaxy s6 edge+ now up for pre-order in the uk: samsung's galaxy note 5 may never come to the uk, ...
0	"samsung said the new galaxy note 5 and s6 edge plus will start shipping aug 21 in u.s. and canada." via billboard
0	reminder: samsung unveils the galaxy note 5 and s6 edge+ tomorrow morning! - - tech news...
0	if you desperately want to get your hands on a galaxy note 5 and are in europe, this may be the petition for you:
0	that galaxy note 5 looking like it could be future bae in november when i upgrade.
0	got the new samsung galaxy note 5 saturday....makes me so happy!
0	samsung galaxy note 4 got its last firmware update in april and it wasn't version 5.1.1. today, nearly 5 months...
0	just set up the galaxy note 5. let's see how it does tomorrow. (battery life, speed, camera)
0	samsung may soon be launching a revolutionary new device - the galaxy note 5 fmea edition -
0	samsung galaxy note 5 - best buy and amazon slashed price of the samsung galaxy note 4. the reduced price may temp...
0	shake4ndbake will probably give it another try in the future. i wasn't into game of thrones at 1st try, but i kept watching &amp; it grew on me
0	really tired! great day! going to put my feet up and watch game of thrones maybe agents of shield. night! cya tomorrow!
0	the emotional rollercoaster that is watching the entire 5th season of game of thrones in a single day has come to an end.
0	get back on the 16th, and have 25 days or so until move-in day at northwestern, which i hope is enough time to binge watch game of thrones
0	it's sunday so you know what that means. taking over .originpc with episode 5 of game of thrones come on down
0	mcnamara247 definitely possible! i do it all the time with game of thrones. i may even like the series better (hides)!
0	erin_yvette hey erin, when do you think telltale is going release the 6th episode of game of thrones? i really love that game.
0	ned stark may be back for "game of thrones" season 6. here's what it means: via huffpostent gameofthrones
0	tell us what gotohexislike and it may be read on our podcast!!! (ex. gotohexislike game of thrones, but replace the dragons with dicks)
0	wmap heard great things about the audio versions of game of thrones (although the preferred reader did not read the 4th book)
0	nothing like starting your saturday with marathoning "game of thrones" until you finish the entire series on hbo go.
0	i am watching the hardhome episode of game of thrones for the 5th time and i vote
0	another new episode of dragon ball super. thank you sunday's, you have given me hope until game of thrones comes back in my life
0	nowacking i though you may want that you and the rest of the elite3official crew sweet talked me into buying game of thrones. i'm hooked.
0	game of thrones season 4 premieres on april 6 on hbo. are you ready? watch the trailer and cool 9 m
0	the worst thing about going back to school tomorrow is not being able to watch game of thrones all day.
0	its okay if its almost 5am and ive had no sleep in like three days cos im on the 4th season of game of thrones so who's the real winner here
0	the 1st season of game of thrones is so amazing! re watching it again.
0	eephusblue - c'mon, stick around. it'll about to get "game of thrones" level bloody on here.
0	i move in tomorrow and i'm not done packing but like... maybe i'll just binge watch game of thrones...
0	hatepash1 he's the 2nd daario from game of thrones who's more charming than the original:
0	huntergbaseball dan_omara to whom it may concern i ate a bunch of cashew ice cream while watching game of thrones.
0	i'll be out of town on vacation till wednesday so i won't be on the stream tonight. once i'm back it is time for more game of thrones!
0	friday night: mom bringing home a taco for me while i watch game of thrones with my dog.
0	i'm sitting down on my 10th hour of game of thrones eatin girl scout cookies, does it look or even sound like i care what your thoughts are?
0	meet the south african who put 'game of thrones' on the map &gt; in sundaytimes lifestyle tomorrow
0	remember when game of thrones was on tv in sa the same time as in america? forget the poverty we were a 1st world country for those 10 weeks
0	i've cried less over my last breakup than i've cried over the 10th season of game of thrones. gameofthrones
0	the hound from game of thrones is making a lemon and pistachio cake on sunday brunch, bloody fantastic start to the day.
0	i've made it a goal to get caught up with game of thrones by the 27th and i'm near the end of season 2. let's do this
0	why do monday, when you can do a glorified sunday!? breakfast in bed with game of thrones. done.
0	day off tomorrow, going to use it to be very productive and by productive i mean watch a lot of game of thrones
0	or just start watching game of thrones and be like, "i'll finish it tomorrow before 2"
0	thank you to all the awesome people who supported the cast tonight! game of thrones is amazing! might have a suprise game tomorrow.
0	ddale8 it may be awesome like the wall in game of thrones :)
0	early start tomorrow so off to bed with a mug of peanut hottie and late to the party but finally going to start watching game of thrones!
0	thanks to everyone who came over and played the game of thrones with us today. see you tomorrow! playthegame nursingorgwhy weilluminate
0	'game of thrones' just cast a character who may have a huge role next season gameofthrones got gotonubox ubox
0	ed skrein, game of thrones' 1st daario, explains why he left the hbo show--find out what he said!
0	thanks again for the amazing gift mattew , i can't wait to watch all the 2nd season again of game of thrones!...
0	if anyone is interested, i have a pizza in the oven and the boxed set of game of thrones on blu-ray friday turndownforwhat
0	soccercanales if jk was on game of thrones, his name would be: jurgen klinsmann, master of the 6th substitution of the friendly clan
0	lunarpandorium got through two episodes of the game of thrones one just now. may play more of it later.
0	talinaroma harry potter, percy jackson, thursday next, game of thrones, or pillars of the earth are mine. ss15
0	i honestly think this is the 8th time i've tried to get through the pilot episode of game of thrones mustpushthrough
0	switching it up with some telltale tuesday tonight- walking dead, game of thrones, or wolf among us?
0	visual effects work done with "image engine" for the 5th season of game of thrones
0	mr. angelos helping the zcms 8th graders create their own google site. zion6
0	thewinningseat get the app! saturday will be here before you know it! app store google play
0	google did great with youtube purchase. it is now &gt; $40bn. i bet facebook did equally if not better with oculus.
0	through the google lens: search trends august 28?september 3
0	[1/2].brianrathbone: in case you haven't already grabbed it. may i offer you a free fantasy ebook? amazon google
0	adblock browser for android now available on google play (but it might not be for september 9, 2015 cool tech!!!
0	using this tomorrow! practical ed tech tip of the week - create a random name selector in google sheets: via rmbyrne
0	rhcp011235 rootjunky you need 3rd party launcher like nova or an activity launcher, then google play services -&gt; androidpay and done! :)
0	14 years in the seo industry proving 1st page rankings on google. free quote. seo google socialmedia
0	make sure you join our live interfacespeaks google hangout tomorrow &amp; talk all things ecodesign at 1pm (gmt)
0	not the same digest in relation to the google android wafer other self january complement other self: ivsh
0	morning twitter! is your main seo aim to be 1st on google's search results? you're probably missing the point of seo!
0	not new but worth reading again if you have already: google's hiring wishlist learning cognition
0	priya_jyoti15 sure ...keep calm and use google search engine ...may be one day you get what you are looking for :)
0	laszlobock2718 congrats on the book, invites to add value from hr. any thoughts you may share about internal communications in google?
0	google - cern will open the bottomless pit of prophecy sep 23rd? -
0	learn the basics of google adwords: do you want more clients - the next step. bristol - 19 september.
0	how to find your links in google - proportionately you may light, part of getting ranked high on google or...
0	today is international fasd awareness day and september is awareness month. please take the time today to google...
0	get your business on the 1st page of google / diy-seo, tuesday, september 15th constantcontact
0	"youtube description: 1st 2 lines are critical b/c they appear in google search results (keep keyword at the top)" schmittastic inbound15
0	this looks interesting...and you can sign in with your google account sat practice on khan academy via khanacademy
0	boom! nexus 5 (2015) launches sept 29 with android marshmallow in tow this was google's main usp with its nexus...
0	carinebouton fredatlanta ajhiggi in a geography class tomorrow with google earthoutreach - great starter! geographyteacher
0	collaboration, shared google docs, and group share outs - all on the 2nd day of school. saline stds rock! smslearn
0	google hangout anime session ruffxraiju if crunchyroll picks up for the fall season.
0	what colour is the second g in google? (no googling!) bianca's back - se16's most refreshing quiz! thurs 7:30pm
0	make sure you go cop my ep august 14th on itunes and google play. you can stream it on spotify.
0	talking google "waffles" with our very own mrs. mcdaniel on waffle wednesday! curtises whywisd wisdinstrtech
0	google to kill single most annoying thing about browsing the web august 28 - cnnmoney
0	this app is very useful specially when finding restaurants. you may download this app on google play store free.
0	the today's photoshoot it will be available on my google+ profile tomorrow mpn escreveai
0	andijenkins &lt; hi andrea, thanks for the note - i did see the news re google+, we'll discuss that more in your meeting on friday :d
0	interesting sunday read on the rise, fall and rebirth of google+.
0	look at this infographic to find facebook, twitter, google+ and linkedin features you may not know about! comm552
0	i should've just shared it on google+ :/ but this was what never reached you friday night, joshuadtown. congrats!!!
0	new mobile number coming wednesday. dm me for the number or get me on google+ at
0	we just got our 1st review on google+ be the next! socent
0	done reading: 4 aug' 2015 rate: 5/5 star review: check it out on goodreads and google+ bibliophile book
0	google+ can enhance your position in search &amp; connect you with new prospects! interested? workshop derby 18 august
0	google is uncoupling its tight integration between google+ and youtube, and other changes may be on the way.
0	mail over 'a few google+ posts you may like'. it's alive!
0	chaddockr lexstarwalker your conversation on race/species in the cyphersystem gave me much to think about. i may make a post on google+.
0	email from : noreply-212cc8caplus.google.com subject : apurv, a few google+ posts that you may like
0	the google+ for business workshop 18 august is sold out! don`t worry you can book into the 10 september workshop now!
0	google+ may finally have the beginnings of a unique value proposition for social media users. via marketingland
0	ironbite4 christinelove i'm going to give you two answers, and you may decide which one is accurate. 1. on google+ 2. in a sex dungeon
0	did you get a chance to join our google+ hangout friday, july 24th? take a few minutes to watch the live broadcast!
0	hanging out for the summer interested in more google+ office hour hangouts? we know you june 13, 2012 cool tech!!!
0	i liked a youtube video ask the king ep. 54: july 30, 2015 pt1 - hogan/wwe racism, google+, smark guys, game
0	isabelj327 i may have misunderstood - i was referring to the google+ message. al
0	happy friday! have you entered to win the $60 gift card we are giving away next friday? +1 any 60th anniversary post on our google+ to win!
0	tea salon's 4th birthday celebration starts on google+ in a few minutes. must be following the page to see invite:
0	are you a virtual assistant? on google+? member of the virtual assistants community on g+? c'mon .. join us!
0	hey everyone, thanks for hanging out with us last night on google+ one more on thurs, aug 27 at 7:00pm. don't...
0	get chance to win a prize. follow us on google+ and you may can win prize. please open and follow us
0	happy wednesday! join us on google+ today at 3pm pacific to discuss modesty with dive into worldbuilding! worldbuilddive
0	ok so i will be doing the garage hunters tonight, all details into it are on my google+ page. also rugby attax is tomorrow's video. 3 packs!
0	google+ is still alive, and it may be the missing tool in your recruiting toolkit --&gt; via recruitingblogs
0	happy saturday everyone! make sure you follow us on twitter, instagram, &amp; facebook! we are also on foursquare, google+, &amp; groupon!
0	happy monday los angeles! we are now over 350k views on our google+ page. see what all the buzz is about! cannabis
0	getting the most from google+ for your business? join our next workshop in derby 10 september
0	16 useful features on facebook, google+, twitter and linkedin you may have missed
0	photo: understanding the basics of google plus you may have heard people speaking about google+. it is in...
0	thanks for all the great google+ reviews so far!! remember to write yours by september 22nd to be eligible to win...
0	katyperry, johnmayer, woodyharrelson celebrate fourth of july with the grateful dead
0	listening to some grateful dead on the youtubes. it's giving my friday afternoon a great vibe.
0	love is like an april rain that makes the harvest grow. - grateful dead, yellow moon
0	calling all you deadheads! head over to the free grateful dead tribute concert today, july 25th, from...
0	the tour may be over, but the grateful dead live on. gratefuldead tiedye
0	wednesday is djead night // the inimitable distantstation will bring another killer dj set of grateful dead songs
0	leaving texas 4th day of july. thank you god for inventing al gore so we have the technology to listen to a replay of grateful dead 7/3/15.
0	traditional refractoria curse: may your days &amp; nights be filled with the music of the grateful dead.
0	winding down a long day by watching manu/psg in soldier field (muted) &amp; listening to the grateful dead's july 4th setlist. too appropriate.
0	down to eugene to see the grateful dead (~);} david gans vibetribe vibes20 friday greenvibesstage
0	if you love the red sox, the grateful dead and fenway park in september...i've got something to share. gd50 rexfoundation
0	grateful dead frontman jerry garcia (august 1, 1942-1995). one of the most subtle guitar players in rock &amp; roll.
0	csnba replaying the grateful faithful about the grateful dead and bob weir being a huge sf 49er fan :) happy monday :)
0	now on sale! mindbender: tribute to the grateful dead owsley's golden road boulder co / aug 15th 2015 7:00pm
0	alex bleeker &amp; the freaks 2 play some grateful dead songs sun, aug 9 at noon outsidelands panhandle stage sfoutsidelands alexfreaker
0	chadmo1 photo of the press gaggle with garypinkel after thursday's practice...that's me in the grateful dead shirt.
0	waking up to grateful dead playing throughout the house. happy friday indeed.
0	johnmayer is gonna play grateful dead and i'm very excited about that. i would love to here him try to play some phish . mayer may you?
0	this should happen at goodison. miralles trying eat the ball. besic in his nak. grateful dead on the tannoy.
0	remembering rock great jerry garcia,co-founder of the grateful dead, who we lost on this day august 9th, 1995 at...
0	remembering the grateful dead's jerry garcia on the 20th anniversary of his death
0	pleasure: sipping an ipa in the evening sun doing the it xword while listening to grateful dead
0	music country joe &amp; the fish 1st print bob masse poster bg,fd,aor,grateful dead
0	houston!! help deadeye celebrate the music of the good 'ol grateful dead at the cottonwood houston on saturday,...
0	august 13 2015/1975: a celebration of 40 years since the grateful dead's legendary "one from the...
0	i am honored to be celebrating 50 years of grateful dead music at the sf giants game tomorrow night by singing...
0	shakedown is at toads this saturday playing the best of the grateful dead. tickets are still available....
0	raywoodson680 the groaning in the 1st inning was that the grateful dead shirts had not arrived at the park yet
0	thhis coming friday, the 21st, i'll be playing 2 sets of grateful dead songs at sky bridge station. starting at 8. (they have beer.)
0	sunday morning at grandpa's office. like church but with less hymns and more grateful dead.
0	new girl at work said she almost quit her job to go see the grateful dead for the 3rd time but don't worry, i already took care of the body
0	i only swipe right for girls named molly, mary, or lucy bc i'm seeing the grateful dead on saturday.
0	a pair of tickets from the final grateful dead show sunday, july 5th in chicago. 7" x 12" offset litho with hot...
0	grateful dead concert helps put chicago at the top of the july 4th destina...
0	grateful dead show in san diego on the 7th. save the date.
0	in order that others may know in the land of the night, the ship is drawn by the grateful dead.
0	littleguccidunn fine! let's get grateful dead and tame impala on the 4th day too they're both holograms tho
0	sportsandra 1) high-life 2) crap 3) grateful dead for three nights over the 4th of july soldier field
0	saturday night we welcome grateful dead tribute band deadeye onstage with two sets starting at 7:00! as always at...
0	i have the pool, a pbr, and the grateful dead. couldn't ask for a better first friday off. been two years..
0	anyone wanna go see some of the members from grateful dead and john mayer on december 30tg
0	hypothetically, if i was to come over to cali in december to see friends/ go see grateful dead &amp; john mayer live, would anyone come with me?
0	hfunderpants: 6925 ?aug 27 / 0048+. taiul end of show with grateful dead's "we will get by" into station id as...
0	grateful dead jams in the morn make for good friday vibez.
0	saturday arvo, sunshine, homebrew and the grateful dead. perfect!
0	just favorited "grateful dead - recorded by zoltan at the san fran..." by calgarycmmc cmmc on mixcloud
0	mike shannon: "it's grateful dead night on wednesday. who's grateful about that?" .kmoxsports stlcards
0	tomorrow is grateful dead night at the stlcards game! don't miss jakeslegstl performing stlfsmlive after the game
0	the reds are having a fireworks show to the grateful dead on friday.
0	ryan_batty itsthebgb hang on. if this involves the grateful dead, they may be doing you a favour.
0	september 5th 1979 the grateful dead performed at nyc's madison square garden (audio)
0	i love the grateful dead. i do not love weed. just making sure you all know this.
0	hannibal has been the most amazing show on nbc. i really hope they get a 4th season. bryan fuller is amazing hannibal hannibalfinale
0	at the ending, there're oysters on hannibal's table. how considerate hannibal is ...but c'mon will needs fishes hannibal hannibalmicdrop
0	ok when i'm sober tomorrow i need to talk to people about hannibal
0	afooltocry horrorhoneys it's my uneducated opinion that breaking bad is the best show in the history of time.hannibal might now be the 2nd
0	neoprod gilliana nbchannibal well you can't do this all by yourself ... hannibal is inviting to dinner and will may finally accepting him
0	hannibal finale on wednesday in the uk. time to catch up on all the episodes i missed while on holiday.
0	tomorrow i will start catching up on hannibal. i got to ep2 of s3 and had to stop because i wasn't ready for what a ride it was gonna be.
0	theofficialmads may i say sir your portrayal of hannibal is beautiful and haunting. hope you get this message. look forward to ur next work
0	i may have a massive love-hate relationship with hannibal but bryan fuller's heart has always been in the right place.
0	i'm going to be so tired tomorrow but all i want to do is reblog hannibal related stuff on tumblr. *cries* hannibal
0	binge watched hannibal all night and i may have just checked under my bed for a killer. adultlife
0	wylerette it may be called hannibal but the show does revolve around the both of them plus bryan said they are meant to stay together
0	we've got to wait until wednesday night here in the uk for the hannibal finale yet i've pretty much seen it all in gif form
0	tweet from the great state of denial. new tv show called hannibal on thur at 10pm. the guy plyn hannibal has good cheek bones. im intrigued
0	tonights a good stopping point. tomorrow i watch the last 6 episodes of hannibal, ie. the red dragon arc.
0	i loved the hannibal finale saturday. it was good enough and open enough to interpretation to please all types of fannibal. hannibalmicdrop
0	amalalllama it's a lot bigger than you may think just take a look at hannibal
0	the moment i truly fell in love with will was at the beginning of sakizuke, when he plays hannibal for the 1st time. hannibal rewatch
0	hs softball: hannibal 5 moberly 6. going into the bottom of the 7th. hanniballadypirates
0	jack baumann scores again with 36 minutes left in the 2nd half to make it 2-1 hannibal over kirksville.
0	i dream of a world where not only is hannibal in it 4th season but we're also looking forward to a hannibal vs dexter halloween special lol
0	"nashville, hannibal, &amp; empire, i may've named you after tv that was popular at the time of your conception, but you are still my triplets!"
0	readyp2 i'll send you a pic tomorrow. it's out in the garage and i'm far too comfy in my slippers watching finale of hannibal ;)
0	gutted that hannibal has finished,really hope someone pics it up for fuller to do a 4th season or even a movie,sure pashley13 would agree
0	drhlectermd lecters_imago / you portray hannibal beautifully may i just say.
0	love all of you, thanks you guys for showing me a new hannibal! -fannibal
0	bluerule24 brasspetal kinda me on tuesday lol i was numb and done with hannibal it was scary. hopped back on the feels train on wed tho
0	there's a 99% chance i'm going to start hannibal tomorrow.
0	also unwoman gets into town tmrw! sunday + monday i'm going up to hannibal to see her (and various other friends) at the steampunk expo.
0	i have packed just about everything needed for tracon starting tomorrow. i am now allowed to watch a couple episodes of hannibal and knit.
0	just sat down to watch the final episode of hannibal, season 3. incredible show!
0	i'm so excited for the new episode of hannibal tomorrow *cries*
0	i'm going to binge watch hannibal tomorrow night. anyone wish to join me? d0wninunderland scully_snails whatacunningboy someotherworld
0	hannibal gets another td w/ 10:03 left in the 3rd quarter, extra point no good. boonville is down 30-7. .komusports fnf
0	nearing the end of season the 1st of hannibal. i love it so much already i'm devastated in advance that the show stopped before clarice.
0	emmacaulfield 2nd only to hannibal in best show of the year. who was knocking at the door??? mrrobot
0	hi fanexpocanada - i noticed in the guide app that there's no mention of the hannibal photo op on sunday. is it still running? great job!
0	eddus we've gone for hannibal over trash but still, lazy days! am excited to see you and catch up tomorrow. hello to r.
0	bryanfuller just rewatching the 2nd series finale of hannibal for the nth time. not enough words to explain how much it all means to me!
0	i start college tomorrow. i think today is the best day to start watching hannibal
0	hannibal has been a brilliant series tho &amp; the fact we don't know if hannibal is still alive leaves door open for a 4th season hopefully
0	vortex566 oo i need to get back in to hannibal! did season 1 then just kind of stopped. yar, started last week. you got kids in tomorrow?
0	i'm getting up at 6 tomorrow so i sticked in and out hannibal after i realized next episode has the girl waiting under beds to murder people
0	holy shit i just now opened the hannibal's kitchen envelope someone handed me friday night dragoncon hannibal
0	illessa based on the 1st ep, mr robot seems a good series to go on to.it looks to respect the audience in the same way as hannibal, a least
0	amirabiabdallah dexter is great but give hannibal another try, it gets better after the 5th episode :p
0	filmgrabber michael marshall shot the hell out of the hannibal finale. (this movie rules. loving maddin monday)
0	lowribearman thank you my love! and i have had a fab day! distinct lack of hannibal but i'll put that right tomorrow! xx
0	i'll be sending off summer and hannibal tomorrow. it'll be a bittersweet day.
0	johnc1908 i pretty sure none of those fans regret not being there to see harper strike out in the 9th on a pitch in the dirt.
0	i don't much like harper but he is right to do this.
0	sherman or harper: who knows the strike zone better? my column:
0	misesforever liz_cheney if u keep harper as pm i may well cross the lake myself! u have one incredible leader. balanced budget and all!
0	brianroastbeef if you're interested... mansbridge's harper interview. justin tomorrow, mulcair wednesday.
0	c'mon... it's pretty hard to form the harper govt without harper!!! wait... maybe they have another harper...
0	david wright is a beast and harper needs to come to philly we will stay till the 9th if you play for us. bharper3407
0	bryce harper is 0-18 against matt harvey. harper will lead off the 3rd inning against harvey.
0	big spot for harper now in the 7th to impress the fans left in the park
0	maryb889 still have the 9th &amp; top of order! harper walkoff homer!
0	ok, last chance for the nats. it's werth, rendon, harper vs. familia in 9th, down 8-7.
0	werth, rendon, and harper due up in the bottom of the 9th, nats trail mets 8-7.
0	i hope all the fans stayed into the 9th to watch harper go 0-5. nats
0	nats rendon bunts but werth is erased at 2nd. runner on 1st with 1 out. harper at bat...
0	korycpc telling why you should trust harper. worth the 10 min. to listen. not after eating, though.cdnpoli cdnpoli
0	southpawslinger jonmorosi foxsports fs1 but he's certainly been the 1st or 2nd best player in the nl overall, harper and kershaw better.
0	redporchreport harper putting up historic numbers. thus far it's been a series to forget at the plate, but, again, he didn't pitch the 7th.
0	evanlsolomon harper gets first chance, most seats won get 2nd chance. easy. harper does not play well with others, ask danny williams.
0	ian_wayne p_wog keep focus on harper&amp; all these good things will be added unto you may the best man who wins the heart of canadians
0	busy week! tonight: last lecture with holly crocker, 7pm, harper tomorrow night: bedtime stories with hal poe
0	today is the 18th anniversary of harry potter. there are few things i look back on with as much love and...
0	heyy&lt;3 so as tomorrow's the first day of school...bye i had a good life. -.- :d jk sleep well and dream about harry potter like i will:d &lt;3
0	she's really funny. in that 5th harry potter book i could not stop laughing the whole way through it.
0	such a good day in edinburgh! sightseeing, harry potter cafe, shopping and museum visits :) edinburgh uni open day tomorrow! excited :)
0	if i put in the first harry potter movie right now i'll finish the whole series by tomorrow.
0	okay guys going to take the night off to finally get rid if this cold. i'll be online tomorrow labor day for harry potter trivia
0	classes on tuesday, so you can expecto patronum me to think of harry potter when the word professor comes up
0	happy 29th birthday, christopher rithin (chrisrithin)! he played one of dudley's gang members in harry potter and the order of the phoenix.
0	no classes tomorrow? watching harry potter for the rest of the night :)
0	not bad for a monday morning.....sitting on the train ready to go along the harry potter route. yesterday we...
0	set up a harry potter surprise for my niece's 11th birthday and it looks pretty cool
0	harry potter and the prisoner of azkaban ... our saturday family classic this weekend the polk! saturday,...
0	eeeeee i'm going to the harry potter studio tours tomorrow :-d
0	september 7: happy birthday, hugh mitchell! he played colin creevey in harry potter and the chamber of secrets.
0	visited the harry potter studios in watford on friday and bumped into a business contact from locateesussex - small world or was it magic?!
0	thisdayinpixar i want to see all the new harry potter attractions; gringotts, hogwarts express. may not get down there for a while.
0	imachristianbut i may have read all 7 of the harry potter books, and i may have accidently enjoyed them
0	i have too many books to read. grey cloud atlas twilight harry potter 2nd gen! how i live now if i stay don't make me think
0	x_xharley_quinn so cool! and earlier in my morning, i watched the 1st harry potter movie
0	anyone can come over to my house on october 19th and watch harry potter deathly hollows pt. 1 and 2 as long as you bring a smile
0	spent my labor day beating jess_krieger in mario kart for the first time &amp; getting halfway done with harry potter series, best monday ever!
0	periplus_store on the 6th books: "harry potter and the half blood prince" periplusquiz16
0	dylanknows100 wednesday 9pm talking jk_rowling harry potter with karend_ of thecomichangout focusing on book one. should be fun!
0	october 6th is gonna be a busy day for me: rick riordan's magnus chase book is released as is the illustrated harry potter book.
0	in the mood to watch all the harry potter's for the 3rd time in 2 months
0	on october 6th illustrated harry potter comes out and mcdonald's starts serving breakfast all day.
0	recognise this projecting clock? you may have seen it in harry potter! spotclock
0	hey everyone! we'll be watching the second harry potter film together on september 18th. make sure to plan accordingly!
0	october 6th can't come any faster... i will be eating a mcmuffin at noon while reading the new, fully illustrated harry potter book. nerd
0	these were the best sunday's. watching harry potter with my girl dixie. sochill whoneedsabf
0	skyscannerin celebrityonholiday for harry potter room with wands &amp; brooms as decor props you never know when he may wish to perform magic
0	best thing i've done before starting my 2nd year of college? finally reading harry potter. well worth the wait jk_rowling
0	sunday talking about shakespeare class at oxford u. go, bard! here is hall from harry potter
0	carry on and the illustrated harry potter come out this day. it's a good day for fangirls everywhere
0	new post- harry potter and the sorcerer's stone (waiting on wednesday 13)
0	i might reread the harry potter books for like the 7th time
0	anyone fancy watching some harry potter on bluray with a dominos two for wednesday or what
0	re-reading the harry potter series &amp; not giving my uni books a 2nd look has been a great way to spend my summer. thank you jk_rowling xx
0	photo: bunnydoodles: /r/sketchdaily theme for september 7th: harry potter i love harry potter and all the...
0	across the universe, 4th harry potter, hunger, sunshine cleaning, eternal sunshine of a spotless mind
0	wirlander sun, sea, greek yoghurt, giros pita, tzatziki, even a female bartender. my day would be perfect! ps. could do without hillary
0	get your picture taken with hillary sept 10 in cincinnati.2-4pm...
0	hungrynfool lets not jump the gun.. 1st priority is to see off hillary..
0	"hillary's passionate about overturning citizens united because she knows 1st hand what it's done to our democracy"
0	tomorrow morning 9:30am advanced core and sculpt with hillary! although it says advanced, all levels are welcome!
0	danielvankirk awesome thanks. gina listen to the one with hillary for like the 5th time. luv it.
0	in this, the 4th roll out of the hillary campaign, spontaneity is the operative word !!
0	samebackwards it may sound great. plus hillary will work awesome with congress and promote equality worldwide.
0	the republicans ask a sketchy candidate to pledge to the party and its ideas, hillary demands loyalty from anyone who may like her.
0	trump will take 10% of the electoral from jeb, putting hillary in the white house. then she will put trump in her cabinet. heard it here 1st
0	hillary made a very lucid case for the iran agreement, and i think she may have changed my mind with the detail...
0	proud to have been a part of ibmcsc kenya. ibm celebrates the 15th team working in the philippines. 15philippines
0	photo: wtvox: ibm will invest $3 billion for a new internet of things unit: ibm on tuesday said that it...
0	linuxcon attendees, join ibm in the cedar room in 15 minutes for a "linux without limits" meetup (includes lunch):
0	smartcamp is coming to auckland sept 17, will we see you ibm nzvif nzvca bizdojo lightninglab ecentre?
0	ibm has built a digital rat brain that could power tomorrow's smartphones via qz damn, i want me one of those
0	it may look like a mainframe, but it's anything but proprietary! very cool ibm great time to be a partner highvail
0	tough proposition promoting ibm machine accessories october live pretty the strong point superego cannot help but inasmuch as prom: vdzjs
0	i3 is excited to host the next meetup for dutch r users together with ibm on the 29th of september!
0	this day on the street: august 21st, 1997 ibm reached a new high of $177.125, before closing the day at $173.625.
0	"in 2015 forbes ranked nestle as the 30th largest public company in the world, ahead of google, bp, ibm, and...
0	allan_leslie2 dtbarron fionacmcqueen good local meet friday with ibm and apple challenging security myths positive mynextbigproject?
0	ibm achieves 1st fedramp mobile ato with cloud-based maas360 enterprise mobility mgmt &amp;...
0	looking forward to the cdo roundtable with ibm tomorrow on data innovation. thanks to cortnie_cdo for inviting me. ibmcdo
0	virtual cics user group meeting, 8 sept, with ibm's keith allen discussing "creating an agile development environment while reducing cost".
0	cloud helps businesses, but moving to it introduces challenges. overcome them ibm breakfast briefing on sep 3.
0	cool meetup with swaggerapi in san jose at ibm lab sep 29 7pm ibmapimgt ibm_apieconomy apis
0	cloud developer bootcamp sep 11. ibmwatson, iot &amp; mobile workshops. don't miss the chance to work with ibm experts.
0	jesikadalal thank you for great share. you may like to re-share ibm marketing &amp; comms jobs w your network .
0	see traversive territories until it's too late! on view now until september 7. free admission sponsored by ibm....
0	see the best storage, sds, &amp; platform computing for virtual &amp; cloud deployments at ibm's booth vmworld - aug 30 to sept 2
0	woohoo. i am booked for friday to present ibm bluemix &amp; xpages to a dev team who are ready to take their domino skills to the next level!
0	should be a good webinar. enchoice has a great deal of experience with ibm content manager ondemand
0	ibm systems technical university come visit the ibm global training providers ibmstu15 ibmtraining starts 01/sep
0	smart learning with great speakers in the 1st day of ibm nwom summit in copenhagen
0	omlis releases secure enterprise security technology with ibm: newcastle, england, sep 01... thewebfix security
0	try out the 1st lab series for ibm mobilefirst platform 7.1 mobile ibmmobile
0	are you ready for the 16th annual ict conference? key sponsors ibm will be sponsoring 10 students and 5 faculty...
0	thank you to ibm in ottawa for their donation on tuesday. the tacos went great with the chili we had on the menu at the oaks. donate
0	if you remember watson from "the reason that is always used that ibm may not be dead"
0	ibm has the grand opening for the toronto garage sept 9th. here how clients innovate here
0	micelson hi mickey, ibm has a great opportunity for you! i sent u a li inmail. time for a brief call today or friday to discuss? thanks!
0	repmarywolfe portmantbleau 1st order of business - replace all macs uiowa with ibm's fabulous 5155 portable pcs.
0	as part of my blog series on the itoa for ibmmiddleware see my 10th blog on value to ibm z systems itsm bigdata
0	puzzle promoting ibm machine accessories november have being immortal the quelque chose superego committal insofar as proclamation: ayfxw
0	behavioral marketing is the new marketing - cant miss ibm event on sep 23; details below ibmcommerce silverpop
0	looking forward to sharing ibm's open source journey at the open for business day wutheringbytes on 28 sep in hebden bridge linux_at_ibm
0	making the world smarter | ibm commercial song "this time tomorrow" by the ki
0	arduinonewsbot are you coming to iot day, october 8: ibm, cisco, fitbit, microsoft and +15 speakers and demos. free!
0	yes, mark zuckerberg started facebook at 19. but charles flint launched ibm at 61. while hollywood may love the...
0	idc says server-based storage sales soaring &amp;dell's pwning the market ibm, netapp &amp; hp rubbing shoulders to claim 2nd
0	berkshire's buffett says bought some ibm shares in q3 - cnbc: new york, sept 8 (reuters) - warren buffett, the...
0	tomorrow: ibm security xforce webinar-evolution of threats: predators in the dark web:
0	want to learn about amazon web services? how about ibm's cloud offerings? join me at atlanta cloud saturday on 9/26
0	.sugarclint presents "exceptional customer experience with ibm silverpop and sugarcrm," tomorrow at amplify15:
0	attend the september 9 ics techtalk about the ibm connections cloud q3 update: socbiz
0	i'm covering this event for ibm tomorrow. here's what it's all about: newwaytowork
0	$1 pancakes at ihop tomorrow, who am i going with!?
0	so i suggested that we hit ihop after work since it's monday and we gone finish hella early right ....
0	_fraydoe can't watch for the 1st time ever i am at ihop
0	wish andrewivaldi was in the 574 so we could go to ihop tomorrow
0	$1 short stacks at ihop tomorrow. who wants to get pancakes with me?
0	hmu if you wanna go to ihop tomorrow
0	going to ihop tomorrow. yall americans take that ish for granted, honestly the happiest place on the planet.
0	take me to ihop's $1 shortstack event tomorrow so i know it's real.
0	someone go to rcc with me tomorrow then we can have $1 pancakes at ihop
0	ihop has $1 short stacks tomorrow. finna fuck it up!
0	if you take me to ihop tomorrow morning i'll give you my soul
0	ihop offering $1 pancake short stacks as part of no kid hungry fundraiser: on tuesday, you can get ... community
0	lino and i literally sat at ihop for three hours and had deep conversations about life
0	what a great way to start out the men's retreat, pancakes! we are all meeting friday morning at 8am at ihop on...
0	i legitimately just walked into ihop and got my own menus from behind the host stand and sat myself. hahaha
0	someone get ihop with me tomorrow
0	didn't get french toast at wawa cause i fully expect chris, ant, cass, and i to go to ihop tomorrow so i can order it w oj and home fries.
0	can someone take me to ihop tomorrow morning. i will greatly appreciate it.
0	just drove by ihop and probably 8 cars in the parking lot. at 6:00 on a thurs. people are wild.
0	me and dallas_connell have gone into the restaurant business&amp;will be opening an ihop tomorrow, doors open at 7:00 d-ends eat free all night
0	ihop is gonna be choice tomorrow morning, then, off to the mini road trip
0	karen being crazy not letting me get a waffle but i'm about to eat all of waffle house or ihop tomorrow lol idc
0	happy saturday! having a good time with the family, we just ate breakfast at ihop, was delicious.fcd:-)
0	someone wanna watch the sun rise and go to ihop?
0	i want ihop tomorrowweeklytweet but, i should pass
0	i need to make a ihop run tomorrow
0	yeah i'm going to ihop tomorrow. i'll walk if it comes down to that.
0	jackjoneshii u boys ready to hand out more pancakes than they make at ihop this sat night
0	think imma treat me my baby and sister to ihop tomorrow night lol i want some pancakes
0	wonder if she wanna to go to ihop tomorrow
0	friday at ihop it was like 11:30 and i felt like it was 3 in the morning. i was so done.
0	if baileewallace6 doesn't get ihop with me friday now we is gonna have some serious problems.
0	cool thing about being in college is you can go get ihop and starbs then jam to some jb on a wednesday at 10:45 and it's not weird.
0	i want ihop tomorrow morning
0	tomorrow morning i'm going to ihop i gotta taste for pancakes
0	2nd day back at stockton and ihop is the only thing that can save me and iamjoshsimpkins sounds like a normal day
0	strongly considering having breakfast at ihop tomorrow morning. short stack with blueberry compote. i'm craving it.
0	i just wanna go to ihop tomorrow
0	one of my favorite activities is going to ihop every friday with the squad
0	trynna go to ihop but all my friends are asleep so i may just go by myself whenindoubtpancakeitout
0	ihop wit bubba jay guwopogodd_ tomorrow he better eat too
0	who's down to go ihop with me tomorrow morning?
0	gapeach_est1083 me either...but we got off early friday so some coworkers went to ihop...and the rest was history
0	definitely going to ihop tomorrow
0	get paid next friday so i get to buy koko and i some food from ihop after the game
0	__basedgoddess perfect ! wednesday i'm done at 1150 . i'll be waiting . can we go to ihop one day ?
0	will somebody please get ihop or rainbow tomorrow with me
0	i want to go to ihop or friday's
0	anybody with a steak &amp; shake or ihop move tomorrow ??
0	i am assembling an epic pancake posse for an ihop run on thursday and you don't even know how excited i am. ...well, you might know now.
0	not sure how to start your publication on ios? we'll be live helping with ask me anything sessions today and friday
0	parkrun app for ios downloaded where have you been before ?great app easier access of info &amp; ready for saturday's run
0	today youtubegaming launches, with apps for ios and android devices in the us and uk, here is what you need to know
0	got a project you want to work on? need help with swift? need an excuse to hang with ios devs on a sat? hang with us!
0	met with ios developer today. we may have a "go". 8-)
0	crossskyhigh is going ios saturday. for now try this indiedev gamerrter shoutgamers
0	what's the best way to get audio recordings from a 3rd party app off of an ios device? jailbreaking isn't an option.
0	five great free apps and games for ios - august 27th edition: it's that time of the week again... news lchbuzz
0	see news through the eyes of real people &amp; be your own reporter with fresco 2.0 for ios, coming september 8th!
0	siri knows all about apple's ios event on the 9th. giveusahint
0	who's ready for 0.12.1 build 12 tomorrow, might be the last build till it come to ios !
0	facebook as i've been on fb for many years, i have a few hundred photo albums, but only the 1st 200 appear in the ios app. is that right?
0	yurt try beat mp3 it may be on android i have it on ios and its fairly decent
0	notch hi i have heard that they said mcpe update 0,12,0/0,12,1 will come today 29 august to ios but i cant see that there is the update:)
0	the two companies announced a partnership monday aimed at making ios devices and apps more compatible with... ff
0	rwang0 zeroes in on the latest in a short video. making iphone &amp; ios great for enterprises. 1st ibm &amp; now cisco.
0	the orks are here to tell you that we're gunning for a sept 30th release of herald of oblivion on ios and android!
0	wed night 7pm pacific join the the blast! live right here on fb as we have the founder's of the ios app kander on...
0	codigames:do you like arpgs?dungeon legends arrive to ios on september 3rd gamedev iphone
0	come and have the first ever go on lumino city on ios somersethouse nowplaythese + real models, friday til sunday!
0	my best guess is we should see mcpe0.12.0 submitted to ios and google by the end of week or into monday if the devs have cleaned up the bugs
0	the next pixel dungeon update for steam and ios with a lot of new features and improvements will be released on september 4th.
0	are you ready for our new 2048 app launch tomorrow? build binaries for ios, android, windows phones and tablets....
0	robloxleaksftw thank you now i may actually have a chance on ios now
0	nicholasnieto purplesserver and ios and he said thats it was no longer the 8th he said he jinxed it and now is going to take longer.
0	nicholasnieto purplesserver ios is unpredictable it may not come out at the same time
0	_tomcc hey tommaso when is the release date for 0.12 on ios? if the answer is around the 8th thats where my school starts!
0	1 day.crowdviz releases on labor day september 7th! an ios app that unites blind people with sighted assistants.
0	who cant wait for minecraft 0.12 on ios but now u dont have to wait cause it will be submitted at 8th september 1 day left
0	kymlang links are working fine on my ios device. some times on the first click i get a "open in safari ?" cancel it &amp; do a 2nd click. works
0	darngeek all device build 14 tomorrow or official (wp,android,ios) ? hehe :p yay happy day for you ...
0	tech: android&gt;star wars: uprising launches september 10 on ios and android - gb: star wars canon is about t.. mobile
0	check out my ride in csrracing for ios! try it for free! now car
0	you can download 0.12.0 for ios and the show or server won't work until tomorrow be happy and smile more =)
0	those of you with ios devices, ask siri to "give you a hint" about tomorrow's apple keynote.
0	i don't operate any ios devices anymore but i'll still tune into the big show tomorrow. still fun to watch the event and see what's what.
0	attn: beginning oct 1st, munzee 3.0 will be the only app available for ios and android. also, 3.0.1 is in review and includes bug fixes.
0	did you know that we are launching eccgames's tower dwellers gold on android tomorrow in tandem with ios?
0	join the movable challenge! get your movband at spirit fest tomorrow or thursday and move one step closer to an ipad!
0	tomorrow is another big day in the tech world! i'm guessing a new upgraded iphone, ipad, and possibly new os!
0	woods club! chswoodsclub come to room 175 after school next tuesday to make ipad stands!
0	really excited about apple announcing ipad pro tomorrow. ah, the rumor i've been wanting to be true for years. it...
0	so excited to see what apple announces! my wish - a huge ipad that i can draw on with a stylus wired tech
0	sat next to a woman on the plane today who flipped through photos of her cat on her ipad the whole time. spiritanimal
0	tomorrow the day apple reveals a new iphone &amp; ipad soanxious i want both items asap!
0	rumor is that apple's big announcement tomorrow is a giant ipad. please, god -- please let them call it the maxipad! appleevent apple
0	tomorrow: capturing covent garden with iphone and ipad 9 september, 10:30am, apple store, covent garden. free
0	wouldn't be surprised if the new iphone unveiled tomorrow is actually an ipad mini
0	coorz00 thanks tea sounds good but gotta update the ipad 1st
0	i hope they announce something different and exciting for the ipad tomorrow. it's just about time for me to get a new one appleevent
0	reading daringfireball's prelude to tomorrow's apple event, can't help but think gruber is the new wsj, bloomberg, or nyt re: ipad news.
0	traded in the new computer to get an ipad. uncle tells me new ipad will be announced tomorrow so prices should drop.
0	apple's keynote is happening tomorrow at 3am!with the expected announcement of the iphone 6s, new apple tv and ipad who is waking up for it?
0	does it really have ipad pro &amp; stylus, tomorrow will have answer!!!
0	but with a new ipad coming out, i may be able to snag an older ipad at a decent price.
0	first day of school tomorrow which means it's also the first day of the season for rbi baseball on my ipad
0	and apple goes gesture controlled gaming with apple tv. will the phone and ipad upgrades impress?
0	apple to unveil iphone 6s, ipad today. for the first time they are releasing on wednesday. all their earlier releases were on a tuesday.
0	so tomorrow is the big apple event. what do you think we'll see, ipad pro? an ipad stylus? curious to see what they bring.
0	lohanthony my moms taking my ipad away tomorrow but it's worth it because i'm tweeting the kweent anthonychat
0	sundays vlog is processing, monday's is exporting... you know for having to do it all on a ipad is say i'm doing pretty good.
0	film_girl i'd buy the next ipad if they had fassbender give the keynote tomorrow.
0	tomorrow, apple inc. will introduce the 6s, a new apple tv and the ipad pro.
0	pierce hahah. excited for your live blog tomorrow. i know the rumors are strong but i remain dubious about the ipad pro being announced
0	why spec noritz? we want to know! submit a vid before oct 31 explaining why &amp; you could win an ipad! noritzpro
0	kimcummms i see. i hope it will survive. if not, you only have new when things break. apple may announce a big size ipad tomorrow
0	apple is expected to unveil 2 iphones, an apple tv &amp; a larger ipad. watch the live stream tonight at 7pm here tech
0	if your pupils can use an ipad better than you can then this course may well be ideal for you -
0	so excited for the apple keynote tomorrow, i need a rose gold iphone 6s plus in my life. and they're rumoured to announce the new ipad yay
0	also, the iphone 6s, 6s plus and the new ipad will be coming out tomorrow morning! will be checking out the highlights.
0	giant ipad anyone? don't forget to check out the apple event at 1pm est. apple charlotte
0	ipad pro, apple tv expected to take center stage wednesday: it's that time of the year. for five years, apple ...
0	can't wait to see the ipad plus .... apple appleevent timcook
0	new iphones, ipad pro, and apple tv on the way today at 10 a.m. (pdt)! appleevent
0	is that i am very excited to share on instagram brings their app to ipad and redesigns the iwatch in november.
0	castleberryisd 5th grade ipad deployment going well! students are excited!
0	happy apple fanboy day! may the ipad be with you.
0	it was fun to see the excitement on the 6th graders' faces. and some of them seem to be ipad pros already!
0	1st gen ipad mini still going strong. love that little guy.
0	looking forward to the appleevent today. it will make for interesting 4th quarter results w/ an upgrade to the iphone, ipad, and apple tv
0	markvonvegas it's the best. i can't wait to christen my new patio on september 26 with some coffee and redzone on ipad.
0	who is ready for the ipad pro? today may be the day...
0	did you know you can split the keyboard on your ipad? i didn't. here are some ninja tricks for the ipad you may...
0	golf with the dudes, no work, pool day, and the new iphone announcement.. tomorrow shall be a good day.
0	11 hours until apple announces the iphone 6s, here's what to expect:
0	new iphone announcement tonight. if i don't get one ordered tomorrow with threeuk for my upgrade there will probably be tears.
0	who is as excited as i am about appleofficlal announcement tomorrow? i haven't had a new iphone since the 4s - i'm ready! blogchat
0	the new iphone is announced tomorrow. i already want it
0	the 'numeracy map' just fits into an iphone, bringing it alive, digitally! search the appstore, 1st level free.
0	apple is hosting its annual splash on wednesday to unveil a new version of its best product, the iphone africapkenya
0	i'm so excited for the new iphone release tomorrow yas.
0	started the day listening to theweeknd, new iphone reveal later and the nfl is back tomorrow. happy hump day!
0	today sept 9th apple announces details on how iphone will work with adblockers, onlineadvertisers in the future.
0	beyond excited for the apple event tomorrow. mostly for new apple watch bands as i'll be trying not to get the new iphone.
0	new iphone, it's a relegious day.
0	i love apple, despite the fact that i'm constantly dissing the iphone. really looking forward to tomorrow's event.
0	iphone 6s: everything you need to know!: apple's event of the year, which is being held on september 9, has ma...
0	"apple is expected to announce the iphone 6s at 1pm tomorrow." translation: at 1:00 pm tomorrow, the internet will lose its shit.
0	christmas in september! apple's keynote on the upcoming iphone is today at 10am pacific!
0	analyst suggests this may be the last big iphone launch - with jeremycontext via pcr_online appleevent
0	techjohnson i can't wait. i need a new phone! and since samsung has abandoned the uk market, i'll be ordering an iphone this friday
0	if apple is upgrading the camera on the iphone 6s models, i seriously may upgrade...&amp; my phone isn't even 1yr old yet! photographyproblems.
0	in wednesday's firstft - long reign the queen, iphone unveiling and more. sign up at
0	ymdgento it's gonna at least be a new iphone event. it's that time of year ago. the next iphone comes out on/or around sept 18th.
0	will i be getting a new iphone this year? no. but my two older kids will. so i'm kind of curious about today.
0	so yeah.. back to the ievent today. if apple doesn't do low-cost iphone 5c replacement model aka 6c then we may see peak iphone within 12 mo
0	'unique mark patterns made by the oil of the fingertip on the glass of the iphone screen when using different apps'
0	swanage - an apple iphone has been handed in swanage town hall office. please come in and speak to us if you think it may be yours.
0	business insider: rumour: siri may always be ready to respond to your voice on the next iphone (aapl): apple t...
0	this the 1st year i've not been to excited about the new iphone announcement but i'm stoked for the new apple tv &amp; their streaming service
0	richdemuro would you please let us know when the iphone 6s will be available for purchase? hoping before the 17th of september. thanks!!
0	so iphone 6th generation has 3 models: 6, 6 plus and 6s. if i can wait it out i'll get the 7.
0	can't wait to see the new iphone tomorrow. and final can update my apple watch to os2
0	i expect to see news about a 32gb iphone when i wake up tomorrow.
0	"the iphone 6s, the greatest thing to ever exist since the iphone 6." *crowd goes wild* rashidmattar
0	it's your last chance to take advantage of gazelle's best price guarantee on iphone trade-ins...
0	the new iphone gets announced today... that's really all that matters, happy wednesday every1
0	color take on the head doodles from wonderwoman wednesday. from a while back -- only have the iphone photo though:
0	few more hours to iphone 6s launch and im still using the 4th generation ^_^
0	get the popcorn (or coffee in my case) ready, folks. 1 hour till the new iphone event! tuning in from asheville, nc.
0	i'm eligible for an upgrade next monday. hopefully the new iphone drops next friday so i can go straight to verizon after work.
0	screenwellcome ah, bizarrely i see it on my iphone, but not on laptop with safari, which only has 1st 3 tabs. weird.
0	i'm so excited to see the new iphone release, even though it may be following a trend xd
0	cool filter called the blinding sun &amp; iphone 5c... lol gediminas' tower
0	well, i'll be watching on a 4th gen of iphone. even it wont get ios 9 update. appleevent
0	i crushed a 7.5km run with a pace of 4'45" with nike + ipod. makeitcount nikeplus september :
0	bretteldredge can next friday please get here any faster? i need the rest of illinois on my ipod!
0	lovinglevesque i will have it by tomorrow!! i'm on my ipod now haha. when you free
0	come join mark on his charity live stream to help fight depression and bipolar ^-^ you may even an ipod eggplant
0	lmao just turned on my ipod for 1st time in 4evs &amp; this is the last photo
0	i have the moonlight sonata 3rd movement in my ipod and i listen to it when i need to relax
0	markiplier i have faith that tonight i may win an ipod which would mean the world to me and i would treasure it qith my life
0	hey markiplier my birthday is this coming thursday and i don't necessarily want an ipod but a happy birthday would suffice haha eggplant
0	eggplant lets go new winner of the ipod and may we reach out goal hazzah and mark are you going to pax south
0	let you know what kind of day it's going to be--1st song up on my ipod is "do it now". by mos def/yb. leggo!
0	still head over heels in love with my (4th generation) ipod. curated to the hilt. ipod apple oldtech personalmediadevices
0	btw, leeingram4 is the guy who gave me an ipod last year, on which my son (pchangerp ) 1st set me up on twitter. my 1st tweet was 9/6/14.
0	off on holiday tomorrow, downloading apps for ipod for the plane anyone know any good free ones?
0	normwood i still have my original newfangled ipod. maybe i'll bring it to the game on monday.
0	frecklequeen45 i *may* have a playlist on my ipod devoted entirely to songs about trains. i *may* also be a total geek.
0	hey ukrunchat please rt, running gnr on sunday, anyone got suggestions for good running songs. need to update the ipod.
0	finally gonna buy my own camera tomorrow ! i'm so excited, i'll be able to take pictures with something else than my old ipod.
0	don't forget to collect the bills and win free ipod nano 7th generation &amp; 17% ck vouchers of total bills , we...
0	1 gud thing about losing my phone is that it made me use my ipod which has all the songs i used listen to in 3rd year
0	i drenched the old ipod nano (6th gen) in isopropanol and it actually worked! the screen will never look the same but totally worth it.
0	found my old ipod from like 7th grade and am now realizing i listened to some hood tunes for just a kid!!
0	i'm not taking my ipod to school tomorrow because i want to have a battery when i go to my concert
0	amitbhawani geekyranjit ...what are your thoughts about apple's ipod touch 6th gen?
0	jroberts332 jobot935 [2/2] that's why my prog/indie/heavy rock-filled ipod has one direction's 3rd and 4th albums on it. i am not kidding.
0	i used to absolutely love the music to silent hill. even had it on my ipod!
0	i went through my old ipod nano and i still listen to the same music i did in 5th grade..chili peppers, green day, the killers, blink omfg
0	gonna try to run 6 laps tomorrow atleast 5 it should be easy i just can't talk to ppl. just gotta listen to my ipod and keep runnin
0	1st song on the ipod upon leaving gb is 'good life' by one republic &amp; upon leaving an amazing weekend w/ amy__bailey &amp; her fam it truly is!
0	taytooocute miss you tay! i was just looking thru my ipod &amp; i have vids of you singing back in sat prep lol
0	i have loads to tell you guys that will make yall super proud but i'm using my ipod now and it's super laggy so i'll tell later or tomorrow
0	ff innocent - not just for the drinks but for jay-z's 99 problems! 99 problems that we may just ponder about at some point in our lives!
0	sitting at a curb staring at the white house listening to jay-z.thats a fine friday
0	for those who may not know, jay-z wrote the verses for still d.r.e but he's never disrespected dre or ever spoken about ghostwriting.
0	december 4th only cause i used the beginning in my jay-z speech for class
0	[new] video: casey veggies talks first meeting with jay-z at 17 years old, working hard to inspire the youth dec 15,
0	meek drooped like a jay-z album the 2nd &amp; 3rd time you hear it. you will understand it and fall in love with it
0	roadblock: in the immortal words of jay-z: "whatever deity may guide my life, dear lord don't let me die tonight....
0	crazy in love by beyonce feat. jay-z was no.2 in the uk charts on 2 august 2003
0	my following may not be as big as jay-z's but i got a solid supportive growing following. thanks for the love. teamm00y0u
0	the 1st dance at my wedding will actually just be a duet of diamonds from sierra leone-remix with my husband as jay-z and myself as kanye.
0	aye now meek may surprise us. you know when jay-z dropped takeover they thought it was over for nas. and then ether......
0	may the best of your today be the worse off your tomorrow - jay-z
0	weho: chrispipkinsc is leading the pack for a the carters: lil wayne, beyonce, and jay-z ride thursday at 5:30pm! grab a bike!
0	i know it's old, but the beatles, jay-z, danger mouse -- c'mon... classic mix --...
0	i grew up to this song..didn't knew the 2nd verse is about beyonce..until now.jay-z - lost one ft. chrisette michele
0	the sun, earth, the lakers, jay-z, oprah, and 5 whoppers
0	prince confirmed that he and jay-z will release an album september 7. paisleypark minneapolis
0	st james park randomly playing the instrumental for my 1st song by jay-z at half time? decent.
0	talib, jay-z, kanye, t.i, big pooh, dela, j dilla, nas, pete rock, 9th wonder and the legendary slum village.
0	jay-z and beyonce came to taylor's 25th but not kim and kanye's wedding. imma let taylor finish, but she had the best birthday of all time.
0	who belong in the 3rd spot for top 3 of all time. jay-z, nas or eminem?
0	make a lasting impression on the first day of class tomorrow: walk in with a boom box blaring public service announcement by jay-z
0	enjoying how the jay-z vs. abdel halim hafez lawsuit forces serious newspapers to put "big pimpin'" in headlines.
0	dreamed i was beyonce and i spent the night making out with jay-z at a lower east side rooftop party until the sun came up.
0	my nigga lightshow10thpl sat down with jay-z's right hand man on a rooftop in the city. i'm rootin' for youngin'. straight up!
0	"the best part of living in new york is the nightlife. the 2nd best part is knowing that jay-z and beyonce share the same weather as me."
0	seaglass4nicole today was a jay-z type of the day. who knows what tomorrow will bring?
0	jkailli although you may know this better than i do since you're from california lol i'm not knocking jay-z view in black culture, i say
0	"we make a million of beats, cause our stories is deep. and fuck tomorrow, as long as the night before was sweet." - jay-z
0	only looking forward to kanye's performance at the vma's tomorrow! heard he's bringing out rih, bey, jay-z &amp; paul mccarthy
0	if kanye became president, folk that wrote off the masonic/illuminati symbols in he and jay-z's music/vids as meaningless, may think again!
0	i knew jay-z was getting old but i forgot about eminem. he looks 30 something!
0	the game 1st album 1 song he say he rap like eazy-e then nas then 50 cent then dr dre then jay-z then eazy-e again then like his dead bro
0	the day jay-z comes to s.a i'll be the 1st person to cue at the computicket i love that man
0	tune-in to gma tomorrow. i'm sitting down with gop presidential candidate jeb bush.
0	anyway, peace! i support both hillary and bernie and will support joe biden should he run. he may indeed!
0	top reasons joe biden should run for president: jimmy fallon may invite him on his show to play something with ping-pong balls.
0	happy friday: here's joe biden making a cameo on a 1993 episode of "where in the world is carmen sandiego?"
0	starting to hope joe biden enters the race. it may just be time for an alternative. a debate between joe and trump would be epic.
0	with joe biden, campaign 2016 fun about to begin via washtimes election2016
0	take a good look at bernie saunders, he's giving hillary a run for her money. joe biden may join the race. and they're off!
0	why joe biden may well be a great candidate for smbs--if he'll run of course: jeremyquittner
0	p2016: afl-cio pres dick trumka to march with joe biden in labor day parade."people can read into that...what they want. he's a good friend"
0	i think joe biden will announce he's running for president on colbert next thursday.
0	great piece on joe biden and all-important florida. wish i knew the folks in the condominiums he visits. draftbiden
0	you know, what if joe biden runs for president with obama as his vice then steps down so obama is president for a 3rd term?
0	fighting corruption is not just good governance. it's self-defense. it's patriotism. - joe biden good morning. have a blessfull friday!
0	fox biden says he's not sure if he will seek presidency: vice president joe biden said thursday he was unsure...
0	joe biden came to miami on wednesday and sounded at times like a politician with another campaign in him
0	joe biden and debbie wasserman schultz gush with praise for each other - sun sentinel
0	vice president joe biden gave his most striking and somber answer yet on thursday about whether he plans to run...
0	if joe biden runs for president, he can count on the kind of union workers he spoke to monday
0	joe biden may just be the answer to stoping the family entitlement in u.s. politics if martin o'malley doesn't succeed. run joe run!
0	marcsteiner111 don't forget that vp joe biden may enter the 2016 dem presidential race &amp; could beat her for the nomination!
0	hotcoalstheatre superboltplays ooh - what's jurassic park. looking now... see you tomorrow!!
0	start your weekend with a roar at special imax showings of "jurassic park," opening tomorrow night!
0	i agree with all but jurassic park. i loved all three. haven't seen the 4th yet.
0	bush and clinton are running for their parties nomination. and jurassic park (world) is a hit at the box office. jays are in 1st place
0	well, it's gonna be about 100 tomorrow at unistudios. we're gonna have to ride jurassic park a few times!
0	jurassic park may just be my favorite arrangement of all time. and john williams may just be my favorite composer of all time.
0	no joke, but mysciencestory is that i read jurassic park in 3rd grade and was thereafter obsessed with biology.
0	"what are you're top 5 movies?" "jurassic park, the lost world jurassic park, jurassic park 3, jurassic world, jurassic park 5th movie 2018"
0	ornsack you may recall the other day i said nothing could save your holiday after that t-shirt...jurassic park is the only thing that could
0	come out wednesday evening as we finish off the cinema under the stars season with jurassic park
0	navy band concert to feature music from "jurassic park" tomorrow night at the redlandsbowl
0	going to go jurassic park tomorrow!!!! pretty excited lol the goal is to continue to find peace and it worked last time. so round 2!!!
0	come build some dino builds tomorrow evening at cinema under the stars! jurassic park reginadowntown
0	new film series rewind! starts thursday, august 27 with jurassic park bostonglobe
0	hillyhindi what about wicked or a musical or jurassic park (i can see if that may be hard) keep up the great work! :)
0	guys it's my birthday on monday can someone buy me some of that jurassic park animated tv show concept art, only $600
0	our final imax throwback weekend of the summer kicks off tomorrow with special screenings of "jurassic park."
0	lay in bed watching jurassic park with henry whilst hayleywild_x sorts her stuff for going out tomorrow dinosaurs rawr
0	franzen: i will bring back the dinosaurs so i may study them. editor: how about you watch jurassic park? franzen: okay!! failedfranzenplans
0	woke up and finished making meals for the day. now watching jurassic park on tv. couldn't ask for a better start to sunday.
0	look for the jurassic park suv near the camarillo air show on sunday for special discounted passes to c4. get...
0	thank you everybody who joined us for our trip to jurassic park and amity tonight! we'll see you next saturday...
0	for everyone who lusted after my jurassic park jacket, the original print its from is here
0	[humanicators] free outdoor screening of jurassic park on the east campus quad - this wed. at 9pm
0	thurs, aug 27 at 7pm! our new series rewind! kicks off with jurassic park + after party
0	jurassic park collection with all the 4 movies! coming out in italy october 7th
0	can't wait to see you beautiful people okarekadance at the extra show of jurassic park thurs 27th 11pm edfringe! xx
0	robotjq well it may be jarring. even playing the walking dead, back the future, got and jurassic park games by them i found tftbl jarring.
0	stomach sounds like a jurassic park movie &amp; i realize i've had about 800 calories today. keep this up and i may actually lose weight!
0	still haven't seen it yet! i love jurassic park so much too man.
0	thanks visitpasadenaca! jurassic park is gonna roar this saturday night with jagsunmusic &amp; tasty food trucks!
0	happy 29th birthday to our whistler library! free outdoor movie jurassic park tonight at 8pm
0	host fam just agreed to watch jurassic park with me tomorrow night. they've never seen it. and i'm definitely going to heaven for this.
0	hey dad what should i wear for jurassic park day tomorrow? "just put your arms in your shirt and walk around like a t-rex"
0	catch a jurassic double bill on sun 30th glasgowimax with jurassic park and jurassic world!
0	i've listened to the ksu clarinet choir recording of the jurassic park theme 11 times today. currently listening to it for a 12th time.
0	this time i'm with my brother who may be even more obsessed with the jurassic park franchise than i am.
0	jurassic world: this 4th jurassic park film shows that a movie doesn't need great characters if the dinosaur scenes in it are super awesome
0	gagravarr looks like we crossed paths, i saw jurassic park at assembly roxy on thursday. back home now, with sore laugh muscles.
0	took son to see jurassic park when he was 5, we saw jurassicworld at same theater 20 years later. a special moment
0	jurassicp .... movies that i also love. but the 1st jurassic park is a true masterpiece in my opion!!!! sincerely david h. taylor
0	i want a slow sunday consisting of snuggles and cuddles and jurassic park.
0	first day of senior year tomorrow...im gonna wear my jurassic park shirt
0	gailsimone i really love the 2nd jurassic park and mummy movies!
0	lol my physics professor's 1st job out of college was working on the dinosaurs in jurassic park nbd
0	i think tomorrow while the servers are down that i will have myself a jurassic park marathon. :d
0	throwback thursday shots. first trip to jurassic park as brian skoyles guest and he has one. now i take my friends..
0	between jurassic park, toy story 2 and space jam, wayne knight may be the greatest screen villain of all time
0	jurassic park is screening at the actors playhouse this weekend for free...
0	jurassic park is back! new trailer for the 4th movie, jurassic world -
0	jurassic park on tv saturday morning... it's going to be a good day! lauradern twopaddocks favoritemovie jurassicpark
0	al_orch had to tell you that i'm seeing the cleveland orchestra tomorrow and i'm so excited to hear music from jurassic park!
0	watching jurassic park for the first time!! happy saturday !
0	eating spaghetti and watching jurassic park on my saturday night. not even mad about it. great movie great food.
0	i know this is a throw back but i loved you in jurassic park! vanessachester if they do a 5th one you should be in it!
0	just got home from watching frozen at movies in the canyon! great night, great movie! next friday it's jurassic park!
0	guys video should be up at 20:00 pm its the 2nd part of jurassic park but its only a 7 min video its a funny momments montage
0	i'm wearing my jurassic park shirt tomorrow which means you're all going to here fun facts and you will love it.
0	"i feel like i'm the star of jurassic park... because tomorrow i'm going to be extinct" -my brother
0	watching it the 2nd time i realized the tech communications guy in jurassic world was nick miller from new girl
0	jurassic world on wednesday! we finally get to see it here in japan.
0	good morning chaps. if claire can make it all the way through jurassic world in heels, i can make it through monday.
0	"i need to go to sleep now because i have to get up early tomorrow morning" i say as i begin to watch jurassic world for the hundreth time
0	jurassic world now is the 3rd most grossed film! nice!
0	gerardway you should see jurassic world. it was really great in my opinion. i saw it twice and may see it a third time.
0	who all is coming to watch jurassic world with us on august 28? it will bring on the nsuba lawn. bring all friends and family! nsuba...
0	last day to see jurassic world tomorrow and i kinda wanna see it i mean it is ty's birthday so it makes sense to go again
0	watched jurassic world for the 4th and last time. like the first time again. thank you again for making another jp.
0	did anybody notice jurassic world is currently the 3rd highest grossing film in domestic box office history? damn...
0	tesco yes cheers joel, thanks for your help. tickets ordered, we will get to see jurassic world before the kids return on sunday!
0	i finally get to go see jurassic world tomorrow at 4:00 i'm so excited i'll tell you guys how it went i'm so excited yaay
0	so i need someone to see jurassic world with tomorrow.. any takers?
0	jzegss i almost got to see it thursday but we decided on jurassic world. next time.
0	i want to play rock band 4 in anticipation of jurassic world on friday.
0	we are endorsing the film jurassic world. see you on the lawn at the lumina theater this friday and saturday!
0	for those who didn't see jurassic world in the big screen yet, it's coming out in imax 3-d on august 28th for a week.
0	"jurassic world will be rerelease to theaters in imax on august 18th" oh. can you withdraw the money automatically or???
0	don't waste $$$ on an unnecessary textbook when you could spend that money to see jurassic world for an 8th time
0	off to see jurassic world tomorrow at the cinema, any good?? roseellendix roxeteraribbons
0	might have something to do with jurassic world having the 3rd biggest box office takings of all time.
0	next friday is our movieonthelawn with jurassic world! bring the fam! we have fun games to play and popcorn!
0	gonna watch jurassic world again in friday because, as much as it's a turn your brain off kinda flick, it is quite fun! teamvelociraptor
0	riotjonstein wow, i thought jurassic world was just the 4th movie, and it just came out
0	going to see jurassic world late tomorrow night! it will be worth it!!
0	best movie of the year next to jurassic world
0	harry potter marathon w/ johnavocado &amp; zjdarevalo = watching the 1st one, then straight to the 5th one, then jurassic world hahaha
0	shawsg hi, when will you have show times for jurassic world (3d)? excited about aug 27th!
0	jurassic world was excellent the only way it could have been better is if nlyonne was karen &amp; claire's 3rd sister
0	the vine of chris pratt on the set of jurassic world makes me happy, even if i saw it way back in may....
0	don't miss out on the free showing of the summer hit, jurassic world, tomorrow, wednesday in cc 121 at 4:00p.m. nova
0	jurassic world is back in imax theaters for one week starting friday! who's going?!
0	joannross i kinda liked the 3rd one...my grandson loves them all. we've been to jurassic world movie 3 times.
0	jurassic world is coming back to theaters this friday. i might need to see it again
0	chris pratt would go to truewolverine tonight and watch jurassic world tomorrow night! wwcpd?
0	orientation may be coming to an end, but the semester is only beginning! start it off with jurassic world at 9pm!
0	okay, so anyone going to come see jurassic world with me in imax?
0	tomorrow at 7:30pm is the bulldog welcome at top taggart! afterwards relax and watch the free screening of jurassic world bulldogbeginnings
0	i just got paid this week. tomorrow, jurassic world is back in theaters in imax for one week. coincidence? i think not.
0	friday in sylvanlake! midway rides then jurassic world outside on the big screen!
0	jurassic world is back in imax... hmmm, see it tonight or tomorrow?... or both?
0	i just saw jurassic world for the 7th time in theaters and yes it was worth every penny
0	i wanna go see jurassic world for the 3rd time in imax...
0	j_christley i was going to rib you for this, then i remembered my top ten still has "jurassic world" and i sat down.
0	playing jurassic world while waiting to watch jurassic world for the 3rd time winning
0	thank you all that came out and enjoyed jurassic world on friday! we would love to see your pics from friday! nsuba studentaffairs
0	going to see jurassic world for the 8th time, but this time with my dad
0	prattprattpratt i just saw jurassic world for the 3rd time i hope you honor my commitment
0	just saw jurassic world again for the 5th time, i love this movie and i can't wait to buy it
0	jurassic world will be shown in the cac theater tomorrow at 7pm! students get in free - only $5 for anyone else!
0	tomorrow: jurassic world 8pm on the green with popcorn and ice cream sundaes! freeflickfriday
0	tpmonsters tomorrow i'm going to watch it for the 12th time! guess there is very much love for jurassic world!
0	pizza for dinner and watching jurassic world. pretty good way to spend a friday night if you ask me
0	props to brandeisse for an awesome screen on the green event with jurassic world! great turnout on a friday!!
0	all i want for my birthday tomorrow is to go see jurassic world again. that's literally the only thing i want.
0	psa: i'm dressing up as lowery from jurassic world on movie monday for spirit week, so nobody steal my idea please and thank you
0	i'm taking my grandma to see jurassic world on monday since she pussed out on seeing it any time before
0	be sure to come out to the joe tomorrow night 8:30 to watch jurassic world on the jumbotron! latechub
0	don't miss seeing jurassic world on the jumbotron ( the joe) tomorrow at 8pm. free food will be provided!
0	check out jurassic world at 9pm wednesday in the auditorium! come show the raptors who's the alpha! unt
0	justin's album comin out november 13th retweet if you can't wait emabiggestfansjustinbieber
0	granmastaj85 hey there justin, may i know which console you're trying to play on? ^ey
0	just realized saturday made 5 years since the first time i ever saw justin
0	i really hope my mom takes me thursday i could maybe reunite with justin ahhhh
0	923amp are you still giving away tickets to see justin on thursday ?
0	i just wanna say i'm so happy &amp; proud that justin got his 1st 1 debut
0	november 13th is gonna be a great day bc we're finally gonna hear the masterpiece that justin created
0	go follow this guys sykeonair he's going to interview justin tomorrow !
0	when justin tweeted "studio work" everyone was just slowly dying waiting for november 13
0	well done mrdrk99. and great job with justin winning the 18s doubles.
0	justin just made his comeback &amp; released his 1st single and he's already snatching everyone's weaves:') he's the king of the music industry.
0	justin is the first canadian &amp; youngest artist &amp; also 4th male artist to debut at 1 on billboard hot 100 he's 21 &amp; already a living legend
0	good luck to sykeonair for his interview with justin tomorrow! you will nail it! i'll be watching out from india x :)
0	i have the most amazing dreams... i was at the gym doing lungnsquats! justin woke me up on my 3rd set-.- lmao
0	friends! come out this friday 9/11 as justin takes the stage for a super fun and charitable event... click below!
0	im hyperventilating about tomorrow with justin and ellen i dont think im gonna be able to sleep tomorrow i think it gonna be the best bday
0	omg can next tuesday come already i want to see justin
0	nicole_skii oh its okay i can just use the jet daddy has on the roof of our mansion got a date with justin in london after school tomorrow!
0	people are suddenly starting to want justin &amp; ariana together &amp; i've been waiting on them since they sat in a circle on set of victorious
0	justinbieber i hope all is fantastic for you, where ever you may be!!!! =d with that, much love to you justin, all your friends
0	meachyypeachyy for the 5th time ur going to justin coco corral lol
0	you're all getting ready for your first day of school while i'm packing up to sleep outside for justin's show thursday morning
0	okay the "what do you mean song" by justin beiber is good. enjoy this tweet myro it's going to he gone tomorrow mynameismyro
0	haileybaldwin you better attend justin's performance for the today show its on thursday
0	september 8: justin on the set of ellen in new york.whatdoyoumean elleninnyc weloveyoujustin boo
0	i need justin &amp; dakota to take a pic together when they are both on the today show tomorrow
0	i wanna party with justin and get really drunk then fuck like theres no tomorrow
0	justin's gonna be on ellen on friday i'm so excited i love when he's there
0	wish i was going to see justin perform tomorrow biebertoday i wish i was american
0	justin bieber justinbieber: who is coming tomorrow for the free show in nyc!?...: justinbieber: who is coming...
0	i'm actually about to try to convince my mom to let me see justin in new york tomorrow
0	city will come 3rd in that group. sevilla will top it, juventus runners up
0	best jerseys this season (not in order, can't choose the best) juventus (away) madrid (3rd kit) bayern (home)
0	very interesting ucl group stage draw. afc should qualify 2nd at the very least. lovely draw for man utd and juventus!! :d
0	coolfmnigeria manipulator77 mercyajisafe ajukarosemary man city, the group is tricky, juventus to top, sevilla n city will fight for 2nd
0	chelsea will pursue the signing of paul pogba from juventus until the transfer window closes on tuesday. (source: independent)
0	bielsa_1899 dimarzio i think it's impossible. juventus has just sold llorente, so zaza is needed as 4th or 5th striker on the bench.
0	well rome is rather beautiful! can't wait to the roma - juventus game on sunday!
0	aguero_manoj16 sameer_mcfc zirelhomz rattlethatlock yep, ucl clash with juventus too on 15th sep. i wish agueroooooo's hat-trick today.
0	rudi garcia insists roma must come flying out of the blocks when they take on juventus tomorrow. romajuve asroma
0	ijuanmata8i roma vs. juventus is at 5pm and mon v psg at 8pm (both uk times). locally, it's an hour ahead of those times in both countries.
0	juventus! "seriealive: roma v juventus kickoff seriea sunday. who do you love?"
0	wolfsburg are on fire today! today they may be announcing the signing of draxler, praet who was also linked with juventus and dante!
0	juventus may get draxler soon.asking 4 oscar won't make any sense. ramires pace wil add up for dem chelsea_ngr
0	it's sunday and its a top game in the serie a with both pjanic and dzeko starting against juventus. i love it.
0	i will undergo my medical for juventus tomorrow, i can play trequartista and cam, both at the same time.
0	dybala leading juventus' new-look attack and living up to the hype: inter milan's hernanes and marseille's mar...
0	scirea: leader, champion, gentleman. juventus celebrates the life of a true great on the 26th anniversary of his...
0	chelsea may have 33 out on loan; wait till you see what's going on at juventus
0	top of the league, chievo, will face bottom of the league, juventus, next saturday. someone pinch me.
0	berlin, aug 30 (reuters) - manchester city made it four wins in a row this season in the premier league while italy's juventus recorded
0	both hernanes and alex sandro are expected to start and make their juventus debuts on saturday. (via gds)
0	arsenal transfer news: gunners ready to sign simone zaza in january with juventus open to sale ...: arsenal lo...
0	mcfchelp any news on tickets for the eds v juventus game next tues please?
0	we will have the lovely kerry from actiderm here on friday morning to showcase some of her fabulous products...
0	excellent piece from sec. kerry and and british fm philip hammond on the role of women in peace and security:
0	"people will accept ur ideas much more readily if u tell them benjamin franklin said it 1st." [dcomins] || which is y kerry just quoted him.
0	congrats to my wife kerry. her published novel, just a drop of water, is celebrating it's 1st b-day. check it out.
0	these are awesome! kerry, how much fun did you have at his photo shoot?
0	kerrydrewfox5 okay kerry! sorry i'm not going to see you at the 6pm news. i'm at work but i see you tomorrow morning. have a great night.
0	kerry4ny " good morning kerry! happy friday! wishing you a safe and awesome labor day weekend!
0	kerrydrewfox5 morning kerry it's bill. happy friday wish i could have seen your outfit although i like your dress and heels from last night
0	kerry wrote a freaking book! read all about it.
0	best of luck to the kerry minors tomorrow , going for 4 in a row, would be a great achievement that shouldn't be overshadowed by football!
0	scandalabc kerrywashington tgit and kerry and tony's little dance so cute and the cast is fab... looking forward to thursday's telly!!
0	slyone1069 have kerry ever gone down this road, dara sat out a semi, and donaghy didn't appeal a red from the cork game when lynch did?
0	valhallad6w the sun is out in limerick and most definitely shining in kerry. we almost in ballybunion. actual blue sky
0	kerry will play dublin in the all-ireland senior football championship final on sunday september 20th at 3:30pm in croke park.
0	kerryvdublin it is!! make sure to support the kerry team with our great fundraiser this friday! kerryforthedouble happy saturday!
0	kerrykatona7 mrgsjkay happy birthday kerry...have a great day tomorrow....x
0	kerrykatona7 happy birthday for tomorrow kerry,soo proud of how you've turned your life around,have a fab day xx
0	hrhgearoid i'm pretty sure the most of the country was supporting mayo. i'm sure kerry will be there natural selves in 2 sunday's time.
0	whatta match yesterday! we may have not won but we probably played better then dublin and kerry will in the final &lt;3
0	daraobriain have two friends going to the show thurs gary and fiona just got engaged gary from monaghan fiona from kerry give them a shout
0	kerry may you rest in peace, you will live on through your kids and grandkids who you must be so very proud of,...
0	thank you kerry drpepper hope we see you friday in grapevine tx for the teamrwb dfw 9/11 memorial run
0	jhiker711 maxabrahms wrong. us may get a paper with iran's signature and kerry may get hopeful hug from zarif.all depends on khamenei lol
0	msrank thanks kerry! break a leg tomorrow in the new digs :d
0	like kerry frith (author) page for your updates on her books &amp; special offers 1st two books of the cocktail &amp;...
0	we have kerry for cypnnorthampton with us tonight at tuesday club playing kerry's special game
0	tomorrow in burgesshill bring your testers down to cef, rh15 9tt for a calibration day with kerry. competitive prices and same day service
0	if you're in kerry tomorrow evening and looking for some fun, come on down to st john's in listowel. love,...
0	calling all ryansounds kerry fans he is live this friday tickets 0646671555
0	kerry is a place for all seasons and when the sun shines,it's hard to beat! by chris o callaghan on mt brandon:)
0	watching the kurt cobain doc while making bday cake and fodmap approved pizza sauce. good sunday of bday weekend.
0	don't miss the diffest doccie, kurt cobain: montage of heck. see witnesskzn tomorrow (july 17) for more or go to
0	this kurt cobain documentary broke my heart. may he rest in peace and i hope justice honors his death. kurtcobain justice nirvana
0	previously unreleased kurt cobain song debuts in montageofheck see it in these theaters aug 7
0	400 follower hype! even tho my recent followers are kurt cobain accounts. must appreciated. i am a big fan, may he always live in our hearts
0	for all the fans outthere: kurt cobain's 1st band album poke antoineclenet
0	kurt cobain: montage of heck returns to theaters august 7th with new demo track filmfiends fan220
0	went to kmart last night and saw a kurt cobain t-shirt, i had to buy it!! 5th favourite shirt lol
0	kurt cobain was a hero for a generation that just wanted to live in the moment and not think about tomorrow
0	tomorrow is going to be interesting let's see what my mom will say about me wearing my kurt cobain shirt to a party
0	spending my saturday night watching a kurt cobain documentary at a vintage theater because that screams, "hey you're a fun millennial"
0	saturday night my year of living documentarously continued with kurt cobain: montage of heck.
0	check out the japan top chart: kurt cobain solo album set for november release
0	no big deal, just a kurt cobain solo alburm that includes a comedy sketch
0	on november 6, the kurt cobain "solo album" will be released.
0	i'm a little too excited about this kurt cobain albums m coming out in november!
0	kurt cobain solo album to be released in november. i guess he's taking another shot at music.
0	kurt cobain masterpiece montageofheck opens friday! filmmaker brettmorgen in person for q&amp;a after the 7pm show!
0	kurt cobain solo album to be released in november. no plans currently for a winter u.s. tour to support it. livefromthebanksoftheriverstyx
0	kurt cobain's solo album will be released november 6 alright ok ya i can dig it
0	kurt cobain solo album given november release date: the soundtrack for the kurt cobain biopic montage of heck,...
0	a new album of unreleased kurt cobain solo music drops in november! any nirvana fans in the house?
0	kurt cobain's solo album will be released in november - pink is the new blog
0	a kurt cobain solo album due out in november??? it's about time... tupac's been doing it for years. thank you nova_bean666
0	"so let's set the world on fire. we can burn brighter than the sun." - kurt cobain 1967-1993
0	are you excited nirvana fans? unreleased kurt cobain songs to come out in november! via cnn
0	"...and the sun became as black as sackcloth. and the moon became as blood." - kurt cobain 1967-1993
0	top: kurt cobain solo album given november release date - with the dvd release of the film
0	"and i'm glad you're feeling much better. you're still very pale, though! a little sun..." - kurt cobain 1967-1993
0	on friday, courtney love posted a nostalgic image of her with kurt cobain and their daughter, frances bean...
0	today in photos: courtney love shares sweet throwback with kurt cobain via harpersbazaarus
0	it has been almost 21 years since kurt cobain the lead of nirvana died.i find it truely amazing that his legacy still lives on. may he r.i.p
0	just saw "soaked in bleach". all i can say is that it may very well be the best movie revealing many facts about kurt cobain's death... :o
0	annie_1251 if ugly sunday's your fave u'll prob enjoy his 1st album. fun fact, kurt cobain does backing vocals in a song (down in the dark)
0	as you may already know, we are back from our one day observance of labor day. stop by or email bridalhallak.com today!
0	we hope you cougars had a great labor day weekend! this friday we will have ultimate cougar on the usu lawn at 7pm!
0	becka_aedglobal revoluzionne thank you! =) quick note: orccon is presidents day weekend (feb), not labor day. :)
0	labor day deserves an entire week off from school instead of just a monday. labordayweek
0	lol my professor today "jeez morgan did you have too much fun on labor day?" yes. yes i may have
0	money_manifesto deardebtblog haha i just told someone i'm still enjoying the labor day weekend and was told it's tuesday.
0	icymi the afhs labor day sale has been extended, but don't wait it absolutely ends monday! thisishome
0	labor day is a glorious holiday because children go back to school the next day. it may as well have been call...
0	for those of us who worked labor day, today was still a tuesday, but for the rest of you folk, this was your day!
0	i only forgot today wasn't monday once! better than usual on the day after labor day!
0	this week in nyc: sept. 8-13 - monday happy labor day! we hoped you closed out the summer season with lots of time...
0	go to tech school mon-wed nights from 5:30-9:20. had monday off for labor day this week, got out early at 7:30 tonight. thesearegoodthings
0	"keep the sabbath, keep it holy" ex. 20:8. god commanded us to rest 1 day each week! we may have 1 labor day, but god gives us 52 or 53!
0	how was everyone's labor day weekend? hopefully you had lots of time for fun in the sun! mauibeachblankets...
0	jonnyjlm my oldest niece was born in september. it's almost always hot on her birthday. p.s.went to the lake for labor day weekend &amp; melted
0	d'frankie's studios after labor day flash sale is going on now until tomorrow at midnight. message us for more...
0	~sunrise over oregon's bay area~ taken labor day morning at the north bend boardwalk, the sun just starts to make...
0	independent ludacris wraps up his 10th anniversary of ludaday weekend: step aside labor day, the... news world
0	tomorrow... ima hit this gym thang, and sauna until i flush out all the lunchables i ate and all the bong rips i took this labor day weekend
0	after 5 days of going out this past labor day weekend... i'm literally relaxing this whole week and not going out until saturday.
0	i managed to go through the entire weekend, including labor day, and tuesday, without seeing any cornhusker highlights. and pti ruined it.
0	_brian_estrella i just got two at zumiez &amp; i'm so sad bc it's hot as fuck. like labor day means summer is over the sun needs to chill
0	2015 muscle beach - labor day: find all of the coverage here of the 2015 muscle beach - labor day, held on september 7th, in venice, ca!!
0	aww it's labor day on the movie, that was just monday haha
0	16th annual labor day at the louisville zoo has been a complete success! lots of friends and families of labor...
0	good morning...back after a couple of days off for labor day weekend. so today is my monday. i make no promises. ready with shebaturk
0	happy wednesday! i hope you had a great labor day weekend! from flights to new asheville restaurants to...
0	don't get comfortable just because labor day is over! can you dig it!!!??? i can tell you what i'm doing sunday!...
0	can it be almost thursday?? yes it can! labor day has come and gone... but shari's open mic keeps on keepin' on!
0	photo: ready to ship today!! yes the labor day sale may be over but you can still get the fan favorite...
0	september 6th, labor day 2015 marked the 58th annual mackinac bridge walk. every year 40,000 people come to walk...
0	hello everyone! i had a fabulous time in hermitage pa, on labor day! as you may or may not know, i was in...
0	good morning and welcome to another wonderful wednesday! thanks to labor day we're midway through the week...
0	breaking news: new haven new haven- labor day means fun in the sun
0	sep 5: roland and hector, from wellington fl, treated their boys to some labor day snapper fishing with capt....
0	there is still time to take advantage of some of the best post labor day deals in market. savemoney
0	...and rolling right from our labor day sale we'll be announcing something new tomorrow. so if you haven't...
0	hope everyone had a great labor day! we will be back in the distillery tomorrow for tours and tastings!
0	labor day might be over, but festivals are still going on, including the 22nd annual east troy bluegrass festival...
0	happy goodwill wednesday! i almost forgot what day it was. stupid labor day weekend has me all jacked up....
0	here's the am message form pfbc this sunday for those away for labor day..."web of lies" in acts 5:6-11 via youtube
0	your labor day wknd sounds great&amp;all, but did you spend the 1st 5mins of the rocketeer explaining wild hearts can't be broken to your bf?
0	it may be past labor day, but our new participant t-shirt celebrates an endless summer here in the ocean state....
0	pittsforddad there is a one day delay due to labor day for the 14534 area. if your normal service day is wednesday service will (1/2)
0	just because you asked for it... labor day sales now last until tomorrow!! there'll be no second chances hurry up!
0	vice president biden, who is contemplating a 2016 presidential bid, on monday kicked off a labor day parade in pittsburgh with a fiery,
0	soaking up the last of the summer sun. happy labor day! wedontsweatweglisten
0	labor day has come and gone...which means fall is here! sunday school starts this sunday! ues and wv locations
0	c'mon lexus! i believe in you! "lexus will show its hoverboard in action on august 5th" tech
0	the ford gt has won its 2nd vln race at the nordschleife, lexus of teamfbr is 2nd in front of walkenhorst bmw z4
0	witness the impossible. the hoverboard is about to become a reality. on the 5th of august 2015, lexus will unveil...
0	at long last, lexus has developed a hoverboard, the 'slide,' to be tested in public for the first time on wed.
0	lexus will be fully unveiling it's slide hoverboard on august 5th! we're definitely excited to see what other...
0	happy monday &amp; happy lexus bonus!!! congrats to the craft family on qualifying for their free lexus!!
0	so tomorrow is when lexus are meant to be launching their hover board. can't wait to see whether it is legit or a pr campaign. hoverboard
0	lexus : lexus hoverboard ride revealed - following the unveiling of the lexus hoverboard in june, the luxury autom...
0	toyota's luxury brand lexus said wednesday it has created a hoverboard. yes, a hoverboard -- as in something that...
0	lexus built a hoverboard (and a special track to ride it on), just in time for marty mcfly's arrival on 21st...
0	lexus, mercedes, harleys, hayabusa all at the 11th annual car &amp; bike show this saturday
0	great scott! lexus reveals hoverboard, but you can't buy it: lexus revealed on tuesday a 30 second teaser that...
0	have you dreamed about riding a hoverboard? lexus may deliver! hoverboard lexus innovate wired
0	lexus and their new hoverboard launched with this incredible video - thanks to our mates at carsguide
0	is the future finally here? lexus may have the hoverboard of your dreams ? video
0	lexus limo 2 work! use my uber promo code, suec641ue, &amp; get aed60 off up 1st ride. get it at
0	lexus may have brought us into the next transportation era with the new lexus slide- a flying hoverboard
0	same flag, two ships? lexus may add second flagship model: lexus may be poised to flesh out the upper echelon ...
0	autocar lexus may be poised to flesh out the upper echelon of its model range with a second flagship model th...
0	davewill3108 the toyota version would be un-breakable the lexus would prob have better climate control may not be a big issue in this case?
0	come and visit officiallexusuk lexus vehicle display in spinningfields to see the lexus nx rcf gsf and lfa from today until saturday!
0	do you think setup on the lexus favoured the 1st driver ??? racecarengineer brucejoracer1
0	head_gunner does lexus truck monday mean you got a lexus this monday?
0	lexus builds a hoverboard for bttf's 30th. not investment related however the video on page 2 is well worth a watch:
0	lexus sunday was a much better for the lexus tent, fans were awesome so we all at the cudachamp appreciate the improvement! thanks y'all!
0	i'm ready to sponsor! i want six lexus earners by december! will this be you? wouldn't it be awesome to have one...
0	lexus may have made the first ever hoverboard but bmw made the hoverdrift in this e30 carporn lexus
0	oh u want me to take the lexus tomorrow uhhhh yea dats my car too of course i will
0	d1s0r13nt i like the 3 better. &amp; actually, based on 2015 consumer reports, mazda's ranked 2nd in best car brands.a few points behind lexus
0	hydrogen car news lexus may reveal a new hydrogen fuel cell car: lexus has plans to reveal the new ge... carkit
0	momma want me back home, man i want a lexus by december!
0	sineadbleu well lexus is taking us all to six flags next sunday so i had to do it now so i could go on over there lol
0	don't miss the golden opportunity sales event going on at lexus of akron-canton now through september 8th!...
0	take the 1st step to purchase your dream lexus. contact our f&amp;i department to find out how you can apply for finance
0	report: thrilled to announce ericpincus will join the guys tomorrow morning. if you see him driving a lexus, it definitely wasn't us.
0	i wonder if lacy and lexus want to come to church sunday .
0	goodnight everybody. we'll be back tomorrow morning at 7 to answer any lexus questions you may have. ^ks
0	lexus : es 300 black with tan interior: $600.00 (0 bids)end date: wednesday sep-2-2015 9:15:43 pdtbuy it now ...
0	is this the ultimate guide to detailing your car? it may very well be, courtesy of lexus:
0	this weekend is a goldenopportunity to get the lexus you've been dreaming about all summer! come see us! we're open today and tomorrow!
0	save the date september 15th fb family. . if you would like to find out how you can earn a free lexus join me and...
0	this is the 8th free lexus earner on our team. over the moon excited for terri and jason! dreambig livehappy
0	join me tomorrow night (thurs.) at lexus of santa fe at 6 pm to find out how you too can own or lease a free...
0	man i want a lexus by december
0	amandaibrahim2 joesolo16 that was 10th grade lexus. 12th grade lexus has become the better of both evils
0	dont miss out - pre - owned lexus ct is gs rx available with only 2.9% apr* theonlywayislexus
0	i have an art show this saturday it starts at 10am at the lexus dealership grand opening on virginia. please share!!!
0	madonna entered harper's bazaar's 80's beauty icons list as the 7th most glamorous celebrity of the decade.
0	beyonce won her 19th vma last night, making her the second person with the most awards in vmas history. madonna has 20.
0	schwinn certification in toronto october 24th at hard candy. yes, that's madonna's gym &amp; she's in town that month!
0	on august 31 1996, madonna's take a bow spent its 38th and final week on the billboard adult contemporary...
0	unbrokenhooker lindsuslordhan teddyuniverse and madonna didn't beg for shit. her album may not have hit, but she's selling out a tour
0	on september 1 2012, madonna performed her mdna tour on the plains of abraham in quebec city. a sold out crowd of...
0	musicnews_yt beyonce (19) is soon beating (or going to tie) madonna (20) for most vma awarded artist. lady gaga is 3rd so far
0	on september 3 2009, madonna's sticky and sweet world tour was named the highest-grossing for a solo artist ever....
0	if you like old school madonna you may like this
0	really though, who wants to come with me to the madonna concert on the 24th? i have an extra ticket
0	remember when madonna tried acting a bit back in the 1980s? rickiandtheflash is out tomorrow:
0	theellenshow madonna and when i go to see madonna in march i'm going to pretend its really you up on stage. i'll never forget u ellen!
0	it's friday and the end of a short week...result!! lets celebrate with jtimberlake and madonna after 8am this morning! dave &amp; heidi x
0	on september 4 1987, madonna performed causing a commotion live via satellite from the stadio communale in turin,...
0	vansickle8gms you can resort to the old madonna hit "holiday!.....calibrate!"if need be. that may have pre-dated you, however.
0	on september 13, there will be a blessing of clc at the 9pm mass in madonna della strada. all are welcome. see you there!
0	on september 5 1991, madonna's the immaculate collection won best long-form video at the 8th annual mtv video...
0	on september 4 1993, madonna's fifth single taken from her erotica album, rain, moved to 17 on the billboard hot...
0	sunday, we're striking a pose with madonnarama! join djrileyyork for an all madonna dance party til 4 am!
0	ready to see madonna on the 19th
0	cecibeaele yes, it impressed me i was there in person last september, almost exactly one year ago...the madonna is huge, so beautiful!
0	pic of what i got to experience friday before the entire world get to see it. :d madonna performing dress you up...
0	'secret' may sound like a love song, but it's really about spirituality and self-empowerment. it's about god being in all of us - madonna
0	going to see foo fighters in edinburgh tomorrow night but for now it's madonna on spotify shuffle.
0	gonna listen to madonna all day until nov 7 rebelhearttour prague
0	book now la cala this saturday is madonna tribute night back to the 80s m3ssanget and my dancers will will be...
0	i'm gunna look exactly like madonna tomorrow at the fashion show
0	on the phone to hmrc who asked my 1st name then said "do you have a second name?" tempted to say no-like rihanna, madonna etc-just 1 name!
0	"this is the wave + the sun in one symbol" ... "this is the symbol for batman" ... "i got the symbol for madonna because she saved my life"
0	nickcapra madonna youtube nick are you going to see madonna on this tour. i'm going on september 28 in chicago. i can't wait!
0	true blue by madonna was no.3 in the uk album charts on 8 september 1986
0	may the angels protect you, and sadness forget you. - madonna, little star songlyrics
0	just one more day to go -&gt;&gt; madonna's rebel heart tour starts tomorrow. what to expect?!
0	tomorrow is 80s day and i don't wanna be the basic madonna but its all i have. why the 80s why not 70s.
0	i have to decide am i going to go to a madonna concert on saturday. could be interesting. that's gotta be a 3-4 hour show, right?
0	_lecks_ stradiwhovius nah m8 always start at the beginning and see the evolution madonna's 2nd and 3rd albums are perf)
0	just got madonna tickets for the 2nd night at msg for myself and matthew carl-brucker toles..... which means 4...
0	warning: prepare for many madonna tweets tomorrow since it will be the opening night of the rebelhearttour whosthatgirl
0	heather_chorn rebelciccone i going on the 9th hope to find it hope you guys to good luck to all of us madonna fans
0	this is the 1st madonna tour that i've had madonna tattoos for! wonder why it was rebelheart to make this happen? rebelhearttour
0	jsethriley great what a cutie and it was nice to see your face on there omg madonna coming back on stage 1st time i am on the internet
0	a break from all the disasters around the world... can't wait to see madonna on sat and be a teenager again.
0	jtennis95 totally called it! bitch i'm madonna is the 2nd song.
0	going to see magic mike xxl may be the single best decision i have ever made in my life.
0	channingtatum in theater to see magic mike xxl for the 3rd times. love this movie.
0	sunday's heating up like it's summer all over again. make mattbomer your sundate with magic mike xxl - now...
0	seeing magic mike xxl with my mains last friday! fridayfunday unforgettable tgifholiday
0	i may not seem like the target demographic but let me tell u that i think magic mike xxl is one of the most excellent pieces of film making
0	magic mike xxl is better than the 1st. i learned a lot about the male stripper psyche &amp; culture (&amp; midlife crisis), &amp; female sexual desire.
0	yes, magic mike xxl is a feminist movie, but the reason may surprise you
0	what is this force that compels me to keep watching magic mike xxl? saw it the 2nd time yesterday and am already ready to see it again.
0	also, ace time with the uni ladies. saturday in stonehaven, barbeque, magic mike xxl, tons of food... hips hurt from all the walking though!
0	i want magic mike xxl!! c'mon? ;) hoorayformonday workwork nachos lavinia novaturient
0	magic mike xxl on a monday night...was everything i expected it to be.
0	"3rd times a charm" -kamrynjgunnes after seeing magic mike xxl for the third time
0	hey electriccinema how about august electric scream screening of magic mike xxl?? mamas def want to see some dancing and comedy!
0	going to bed, can't wait to see for myself the "anti-hetero male campaign" that magic mike xxl is apparently leading tomorrow. goodnight!
0	here he comes ladies.... magic mike xxl will be getting it all off tomorrow night for the otautau plunket...
0	lol just spent an hour talking to my mum about magic mike xxl. i was s'posed to work today &amp; take tomorrow off, but meh i'm gonna reverse it
0	i'm taking my women's networking group to see magic mike xxl tomorrow and many of them are over 60 so this is going to be a good time.
0	3rd viewing of magic mike xxl tonight. what a time to be alive, to have this chance, to live my best life.
0	dear all people i know who are attracted to men: go see magic mike xxl. fair warning - you may fall madly in love with matt bomer. *swoon*
0	whoever took their baby to the 7pm friday screening of magic mike xxl, you're my hero.
0	pootriarch frolicandetour i approve (not of the rough day. may i recommend a viewing of magic mike xxl to cheer you up?)
0	may or may not be going to see magic mike xxl for the second time tonight &gt;.&gt; noshame
0	magic mike xxl is so muj better than the 1st one lol
0	i'm going to see magic mike xxl (i think that's what it's called) this tuesday with two friends (it's a movie with channing tatum &lt;3)
0	i hadn't seen bejohnce cry until today at our 5pm showing of magic mike xxl (was my 3rd time seeing it &amp; i would again)
0	goddess bless the sisterhood of seeing magic mike xxl alone at 1:00pm on tuesday.
0	going 2 see magic mike xxl for the 4th time tomorrow! after watching this scene, no explanations needed, good nite!
0	a select person keeps reblogging certain set pieces from magic mike xxl onto my tumblr dash. sis. sister. may god bless and keep you.
0	heyanniemok ourobora we saw magic mike xxl on a tuesday night after eating vietnamese sandwiches and gossiping about comics things!
0	magic mike xxl was even better the 2nd time
0	i have to say the pony scene from magic mike xxl may be some of channing's finest dancing
0	living for magic mike xxl with foxyhedgehog tomorrow.
0	i may be the last human on earth to see magic mike xxl, but tonight it's happening.
0	my weekend plans: play fallout 3, see magic mike xxl with my sister &amp; d&amp;d on sunday. what are everyone else's plans?
0	july 31- aug 2: max (pg) &amp; magic mike xxl (r) mark your calendar now for the labor day weekend dbl dusk-to-dawn. you won't want to miss it!
0	magic mike xxl is going to be hilarious tomorrow beethcx
0	i think i'll go watch magic mike xxl at the theatre again tomorrow. i'm in that kind of mood. i need me some male stripper action!
0	magic mike xxl may be my favorite movie of the summer. i was smiling and laughing the entire time.
0	you bet your bottom dollar i saw magic mike xxl for the 2nd time tonight and loved every minute of it
0	busy week. tues - love and information sydneytheatreco, wed - ghost stories sydoperahouse, thurs - matilda, and tonight magic mike xxl!
0	burgers, ales, wine, magic mike xxl. way to make monday bearable. magicmikexxl
0	abs! dancing! dudes! get along to magic mike xxl at the anufg this thursday at 7.30pm
0	so magic mike with jack_l_smith was super great. tomorrow i'm going to see mission impossible, but all i wanna do is watch magic mike xxl.
0	ladies night out! on august 12th wiley's is hosting a male revue with members of the new magic mike xxl! watch...
0	for the ladies, because thursday. donald glover in magic mike xxl. tasty.
0	bit late to the party but just back from magic mike xxl and ermahgaaad i could have sat in that cinema for the rest of my life. nom nom nom.
0	nothing better than listening to the magic mike xxl soundtrack on a saturday hannahmooneynz channingswag dembeats
0	lindsaydemeola happy birthday gorgeous!!!!!! may you day be more magical than the movie magic mike xxl. :p
0	boybandbabe04 then you may like the magic mike xxl soundtrack
0	new movies starting fri: 1. how to make love like an englishman. 2. magic mike xxl. movies montreal
0	magic mike xxl comes out on dvd in october , so someone has to buy it as a birthday present for me lol
0	wackyhistorian andi does! she's also seen magic mike xxl like 6 times though, so you may just have to be your own judge
0	so i get to go see the magic mike xxl live show this friday.. i'm in heaven
0	this friday! we are showing the film magic mike xxl in chem 140 for free at 8 pm!
0	we have an encore screening of magic mike xxl this thursday at 1 pm at rainbow cinemas! you don't want to miss...
0	the modern family star and her magic mike xxl hunk are said to be tying the knot in november.
0	magic mike xxl....wellll boyyyyyy....it was way better than the 1st
0	barely watching magic mike xxl for the 2nd time.
0	so, i may have disturbed some of the other filmgoers at magic mike xxl when i squealed just a bit at thevickyvox's scene.
0	cineplex is doing tuesday prices every day until september 4, someone come with me to see magic mike xxl?????
0	dollar theatre it's sunday night, what else am i gonna do? anyone wanna see magic mike xxl with me? ha!
0	attention, queens. i finally found a good copy of magic mike xxl so i will be watching it a 3rd and 4th time with whoever hasn't seen it yet
0	channingtatumsaw magic mike xxl. 4th time. if you think it's just about stripping.....you would be wrong.....yourbeautyisenough
0	yep, it's happening! come watch magic mike xxl this friday at 7pm and start your labor weekend off right!
0	grifflightning in the spirit of sharing: 1. world of tomorrow 2. mad max: fury road 3. tangerine 4. magic mike xxl 5. buzzard 6. ex machina
0	i'm rewatching the cheetos and water part from magic mike xxl for the 3rd time lol
0	im mind blown after watching magic mike xxl for the 1st time
0	bout to watch magic mike xxl for the 5th time
0	mariah carey celebrates her star with beacher's madhouse's jeff beacher! via justjared
0	mariah carey's twins hilariously stole the show at their mom's walk of fame ceremony | fox news insider
0	this is what happens when you try to share mariah carey's spotlight via mashable
0	duranrkarolina; don't let the sun go down - george michael &amp; elton john / one sweet day - mariah carey &amp; boyz ii men;
0	i may not like her music but mariah carey is the queen of shade, i worship her.
0	hlwd: ymbjason is leading the pack for a mariah carey ride, tomorrow at 10:45! grab a bike and end your weekend with a cardio party!
0	my shuffle is favoring mariah carey hardcore today but whatever it's saturday i'm supposed to feel like a diva anyway
0	[working on tinder profile in case husband ever leaves me] strengths: 1st on the dance floor efficient typist 90's mariah carey lyrics
0	sometimes you just need to obnoxiously sing along to mariah carey on a rainy tuesday morning
0	mariah carey does it to his 2nd marriage life... i made a vow that i will reserve myself to the next one i'll be...
0	mariah carey's star on the walk of fame- it's about damn time!
0	tuesday night apartment dance party feat. duets w/ classic mariah carey tracks. spoiler alert: i can't hit the high notes. whistleregister
0	planning my trip with my friend to see mariah carey feb. 6th. can't wait to see my queen mariahcarey 1toinfinity
0	omw to work bumping this 90's mariah carey. bet not nobody fukc up my day. i gotta short fuse so this feeling may...
0	best part of getting to the office first = choosing friday tunes. (s/o to mariah carey.)
0	youwishigaveaf ion know the riaa site has madonna then mariah carey in 2nd
0	a very laid-back mariah carey made it family time only as she stepped out on malibu beach on wednesday with her adorable twins, moroccan
0	3:15am, august 20th 2015, in my bedroom w/ all the lights off, listening to "all i want for christmas is you" by mariah carey at full volume
0	have a great thursday all of you one sweet day mariah carey &amp; boyz ii men
0	listening to this weeknd album. this guy has the 2nd best voice in the industry (after mariah carey)
0	just listening to whitney houston, celin dione and mariah carey.... just a perfect sunday,, true talent there ladies and gents
0	in the crib singing mariah carey as usual and everyone's tight and idc, i got the monday blues
0	literally all the best mariah carey songs. all of them.
0	warm up those vocals, castro! kamelle is leading the pack in a mariah carey ride tomorrow at 430pm! snag a bike!
0	theguyliner mariah carey - fantasy the distance between it and the 2nd most played is pretty vast.
0	pictures: mariah carey out and about in porto cervo, sardinia, italy - 26 aug 2015 beautiful italy mc25 lambily
0	in june she holidayed in europe, meeting up with ex husband james packer and his new partner mariah carey - and now jodhi meares is
0	mariah carey cut a voluptuous figure when she stepped out in sardinia on thursday morning.
0	groggy saturday morning thought... jason durillo is the boy mariah carey of today. wanttowantme falsetto killinit
0	nah. i'm not arguing about it. listen to "mariah carey" right now, bruh.
0	today in history: mariah carey is the 5th act ever to hold the top 2 spots on us chart with 'wbt' &amp; 'sio'! fact
0	ellenthemermaid vegfestscotland my favourite thing about christmas is slade and mariah carey; at least on 5+6 dec the buses are running!
0	squirrelevictor cmat, mariah carey is the godmother of the cruise ship i'm going on in november.
0	mariah carey enjoys pizza italy via dailymailceleb i am not fat shaming u if marie lost 50lbs u may 2 with her diet
0	"fourth of july" by mariah carey is just ... *melts*
0	if airbnb is good enough for mariah carey, it may be good enough for you. $25 travel coupon
0	"sunday night with mariah carey greatest hits album, several bottles of heineken and okcupid...."
0	"hold on partner i got bars to and they kinda scary i'm about to show you how may nick's this mariah carey's"
0	have me and eve really just sat watching mariah carey all i want for christmas live? yep, yep we have
0	christmas times reminds me of working december at the mall at abercrombie listening to mariah carey all the time
0	takeanaptori this is us tho can't wait to play the justin bieber holiday album and mariah carey on repeat in dec
0	jaybc_4 like those are you dance moves, mariah carey is playing, overly excited for a holiday that won't be here till december... it's you!
0	weeping may endure for a night, but joy comes in the morning nowplaying "fly like a bird" de mariah carey
0	larrybi47874168 sharonirving wow,my dad would have agreed w/u,his 1st cd,mariah carey,when listening to a new stereo he made the purchase
0	javier saviola: "i'd be delighted if messi won his 5th ballon d'or because of the quality of his football and because of our friendship."
0	what a great cover for the 1986 winner....i feel francefootball need to do something very special for messi's 5th.
0	messi and ronaldo both go up a rating in fut 16 with messi a 94 and ronaldo 93 suarez is a 90 as 3rd best player in the game.
0	hahah lol so halilovic was shaking when he saw messi for the 1st time. i'ld probably faint if i ever meet him.
0	3-0 lavezzi on fire w his 2nd goal. too bad he couldn't do it in world cup or copa america. crowd still chanting "messi" argentina bolivia
0	66' goal!!! argentina messi with a header makes it the 5th of the game argentina 5-0 bolivia
0	whoaaaa...! messi's show is on.. messi with the 2nd goal... messi scored a brace. the greatest ever has destroyed them. argvbol
0	sivanjohn lol the finishing was quite similar to messi's 2nd goal against bayern.
0	leslieeandradee messi scored with his 4th touch like omg! like it's not fair.
0	james rodriguez is fast closing in on the 2nd grade of best footballers (those immediately after messi and ronaldo)...
0	the 3rd goal scorer of mauritania just became messi right there passing five defenders....aowa bafana bafana
0	safeeyar yap. that's why i dont understand why they're making fun with messi's height. do they expecting him to be a jan koller? lol
0	iniesta is the 3rd best after messi and ronaldo, no one comes close, not neymar not hazard spain
0	i told my dad i'm going to see messi on tuesday , and he called me a bastard cuz he can't go
0	nice to be in the guardian_sport youtube round up. mine is the last link - messi is the headline. surely a mix-up?!
0	ultrasuristic thank you kluivert. these days a lot of people make ronaldo look like a sunday league player when compared to messi....
0	messi (back in january): 'my dream is to finish my career at barcelona for as long as people want me'
0	initial pass to messi zipped in. only he could tame the ball &amp; pass to xavi 1st time. minimal backlift from another planet. phase_in_out
0	i may not have gotten a picture of messi, but i still saw him with my own eyes! fuck what everyone else says lol
0	culesamericano messi has the 6th best dribble succes rate (81%) in europe's top 5 leagues this term of players to attempt 10+ dribbles
0	"holdthemilan: alciato: bee will invest 150 million in january, another 200 in the summer and plans to bring messi by 2017"
0	messi, i'll see you tomorrow don't worry
0	magical march - with 48 goals in 42 official matches the month march is now messi's best month in his barcelona career
0	going to see messi the magician play in november! campnou
0	and people still doubt waynerooney absolutely comical. he may not be ronaldo and messi but he's our best player by a mile
0	messi will now attempt to break telmo zarra's record on 22 november when barcelona face sevilla at the camp nou
0	messi may be the best player in the world but chicharito is the best player in the universe chichadios ch14_
0	he was level ffs! also, he may be a problem child but no argentine forward links with messi better than tevez.
0	the crowds gonna go crazy when messi comes in for the 2nd half
0	okay, i can see how you may not like lebron or tom brady but not messi..this guy has nations on his back.
0	12:26am and we've got us open drama, colbert's debut, and messi just scored a sick goal for argentina. all live/1st run now.
0	and that is why messi is the best in the world. good game though. now to wait till october 10.
0	and argentina say messi does nothing for the national team??! that goal was just magical messi time as usual, c'mon! xd
0	messi has registered back-to-back hat-tricks (3+ goals) for barcelona for the 3rd time in his career
0	but messi made the former premier league champions look like a group of 11 lads at goals
0	today is metlife. jesus is coming back its the 2nd easter. all wars have ended &amp; ceased fire in the stadium. we all gained superpowers.
0	thank you to all the fans who stood there for hours in the rain waiting for us, you were a fantastic audience , cya tomorrow at metlife
0	how can i go to sleep when i was just twerking in my bathroom because of metlife tomorrow
0	harry_styles goodnight babe hope you are resting up and feeling well and i hope you have loads of fun at metlife tomorrow
0	niallofficial hope you have a nice day tomorrow at metlife :)
0	taylornation13 my wildestdreams came true when i saw you &amp; taylorswift13 make magic at metlife on july 10th!
0	if your going to metlife tomorrow.. have fun
0	i wish i was going to metlife tonight but i'm not upset about it cause i'm going to baltimore on saturday....
0	to all my ladies going to metlife tonight - may you be lucky enough to have something insane happen at your show! have so much fun! xoxo
0	noshoesnation 11th kc show, 6 different states! would love to get my no shoes nation flag signed for my 20th birthday! see you at metlife!
0	okay going to bed now, hope i can sleep this time ! goodnight xx i'll see what happened at metlife tomorrow!! have fun y'all!! x
0	b_petty14 thanks for taking the time to sign my hat on sunday. wish you nothing but the best man! p.s. see you at metlife this weekend!
0	i want to stay up to see what happens at metlife tonight but i have to wake up so early for class tomorrow ugh
0	ok y'all it's actually kind of good i didn't go to metlife bc i just got a call for my internship and i report tomorrow
0	it's august 5 in metlife stadium, stay safe harry, thinking about you the whole night harrybecareful
0	new || harry and liam on stage at metlife tonight! (august 5) 8
0	ot4wwupdates i posted some videos just now of some of the highlights of metlife! i will post more tomorrow when i go through everything!
0	goodnight i'll tweet more pictures tomorrow from metlife oh by the way i love this boy so much
0	blasian_kiddd can't wait to see you out there sat night at metlife big year from you
0	storyofeleanor_ a few of the pictures i personally took at metlife on wednesday. tried getting you good pics of him
0	looking forward to being at metlife tomorrow for the jets green and white practice/scrimmage
0	harry_styles you are such an amazing person. thank you for making me smile. see you tomorrow at metlife! please follow? xx 15,657
0	remember live look-in tomorrow from metlife on nyjets &amp; jetsapp at 710 pm with player intros, individuals and your calls: 855-909-5483.
0	when i was literally about to jump off the edge at metlife (ignore the 2nd part lol)
0	honestly august 5th is the day reserved for me to be at metlife with my four boys and my best friends because that's when i'm the happiest
0	bamdavis_ any chance you're gonna be at metlife when the niners come to jersey n play the giants in october?
0	anyone want to come to kenny chesney and jason aldean at metlife on saturday i have an extra ticket and by extra i mean a plus one wink wink
0	when you work all day and get an email saying you have won meet and greet tickets to coleswindell for sat aug 15 at metlife bigrevivaltour
0	smexy1dboys i just went to metlife! i may go to a philly show too wbu?
0	thursday i'm gonna upload footage from metlife here it would be cool if you subscribed too okay that is all
0	coleswindell welcome2sandbar deannakaytv see you sat at metlife, would luv to meet ya it'd be a dream come true letmeseeyagirl
0	the point: i have never been happier in my life than i was on aug 5 2015 at metlife
0	who's going to kenny chesney at metlife on saturday?
0	thekellyford are you going to be at metlife tomorrow? ?
0	to anyone going to the big revival tour tomorrow at metlife: have fun!! can't wait to go in a few weeks!
0	kerithburke i was at 3 ts concerts, the 2nd in philly &amp; both at metlife. was in 200's in philly. had best spot for the first metlife show,
0	we'll run it back. but it's sth day here in florham park. on fri, we'll be live from metlife at 6:00 pm.
0	who's ready for some giantsfootball? the g-men finally return to metlife this sat 7:30 vs the jaguars. get your tix while they last!
0	i'll be live streaming the sad giants fans via appmeerkat this saturday night at metlife after bbortles5 beats the giants again. jaxvsnyg
0	i can't wait to see the giants this saturday at metlife
0	i have one possibly two extra tickets to see zac brown band tomorrow at metlife stadium. dope seats. who wants to come with me?
0	going to the giants-panthers game december 20 at metlife. the cam newton jersey returns!
0	looks like i am going to see my phins at gillette on oct 29th and metlife on november 29th with metlifetakeover
0	oney thursday and friday, metlife for giants-jets saturday. shaping up to be one hell of a 21st birthday weekend with zdoginthehouse
0	i remember buying my tickets to rowyso last year the day of my wwa concert at metlife and now tomorrow is the concert
0	schreier financial services in orange city will offer services through metlife. see the august 24 edition.
0	going to metlife tomorrow but not to see the boys is a weird feeling
0	it's the first football friday of the year. that means two things: no more previews and the march to metlife is on!
0	racalto_sk ok good to know. punting at metlife in december is a task just hope hes up for it.
0	anybody want a ticket for tomorrow colombia vs peru at metlife?
0	a portion of book sales from our harper lee/go set a watchman release party on mon. 7/13 will support cap_tulsa and the great work they do.
0	excited to read "go set a watchman" on tuesday. but can it possibly live up to "to kill a mockingbird?" any opinions?
0	watching miss usa tomorrow just to see travisgarland perform, i'm obsessed with his voice
0	call for reservations for lunch or dinner tomorrow (yep sunday!). happy to accommodate guests in town for the miss usa pageant 346-5100
0	tomorrow 51beautiful women from all over the usa come together to compete for one crown and one title of miss usa...
0	i want it to be tomorrow so i can watch miss usa
0	(1/2) judge me if you want but ima make sure i don't miss the miss usa pageant tomorrow . there's nothing like watching beautiful women...
0	good vibes to rashontae realmissmiusa as she competes for miss usa 2015 tomorrow july 12th in baton rouge!
0	no. it's okay. you can go attend miss usa! trust me, you should definitely attend miss usa.
0	tune into reelz tomorrow at 7pm ct to support alpha mu's rebecca dunn in the miss usa pageant. go becca! we love you!
0	be sure to watch miss usa tomorrow night at 8pm et on the reelz channel! i can not wait to see which beautiful...
0	sun setting on the columbia river while the zac brown band wails out homegrown!theshit
0	this is soooo good! sunday jam "lucyrosemusic covers taylor swift's bad blood in the live lounge"
0	just two days to go until the publishing event of the decade! go set a watchman is out on tuesday and you can...
0	at last, evidence that george osborne's drive to make work more attractive that benefits is working. makeworkpay
0	we're on our way to hoover, al for sec media days tomorrow, but tonight, we'll be cheering on brookefletcher in the miss usa pageant!
0	go set a watchman comes out tuesday and i'm really excited for it
0	happy sunday! back at the river center for miss usa! it's going to be an interesting night. who is watching the big show?
0	what i like about ryan braun making all star game is hearing all the hatred for him. assures me he may be a brewer for life. i like that!
0	this is a harper worth looking forward to. go set a watchman's 1st chapter stuns fans with bombshell plot twist
0	3rd annual miss usa pageant with wings night for me. lifegoals
0	time for miss usa!!! go realmisstnusa !!!! titans fans she cheers for your team on the sidelines every sunday... time to cheer for her now!
0	this may be about miss america and not miss usa, but john oliver is always relevant/great/perfect/hilarious.
0	be on the look out for my miss usa 2015 recap tomorrow! hear about my favorite gowns, swimsuit bods, and...
0	ylianna guerra miss texas usa won 1st runner up at miss usa. so proud to say she comes from the valley and made it this far!
0	we want the 9th crown for usa and especially enjoys every moment you lived as miss usa.
0	olivia jordan - only the 2nd woman in history to win both titles - miss world -united states and miss usa. she...
0	well it's great to see a wonderful woman from mcallen get 1st runner up in the miss usa pageant
0	congrats ylianna guerra for getting 1st runner up in the miss usa pageant!!
0	huffingtonpost whats her name standing back of miss usa and crowning her,she is cute and beautiful..may be more than miss usa
0	go set a watchman is out tomorrow! aaaaaahhhhh! even more excited about this than urban decay's naked smokey.
0	tomorrow, tomorrow, i'll sell you, tomorrow, watchman's only a day awaaaay. gsaw gosetawatchman annie doors open at 8am, see you then! :)
0	only one day to go before the release of go set a watchman! see you all at 8 am tomorrow... :)
0	its getting close. the day is almost upon us. go set a watchman is tomorrow!! gsaw
0	miss usa on sunday, wearing a hot pink strapless dress as she deftly fielded the interview best things in lifecome free to us cuz were oooh
0	i scream, you scream, we all scream for ice cream!! national ice cream day is sunday july 19th! all sitel...
0	go set a watchman, the only other novel by harper lee set to be a hit as it's released in stores tomorrow! goodreads
0	surprises in "go set a watchman" may make readers re-examine "to kill a mockingbird."
0	tomorrow is the big day!!!!! do you have your copy reserved? go set a watchman, by harper lee. on sale here...
0	all kinds of fun things happening for the launch of go set a watchman tomorrow - come along for american-style sweets, treats + prizes gsow
0	support local business! this sunday is national ice cream day, why not escape the heat and celebrate with our...
0	harper lee's go set a watchman comes out tomorrow, i just want to call into work so i can read it all day.
0	it's finally here! tomorrow sees the release of harper lee's go set a watchman, a sequel to the legendary to kill...
0	hey! our august book, go set a watchman by harper lee is out tomorrow for all you eager readers!
0	wow! big 24 hours for bkcomets!! 1st, theoliviajordan named miss usa, now kidkeuchy is named a starter for the mlb all-star game!! tulsa
0	the new iron maiden album, mobility scooter to the hills, is out september 4th. bless these old codgers.
0	congratulations to our texas beauty for placing 1st runner up at the miss usa pageant last night! winx is the...
0	haley laundrie represented lake mills in the miss usa pageant sunday. she is the first woman from the county to do so
0	meet the new nsa; major general mt monguno.... may almighty god give him the wisdom to defeat boko haram! amen
0	go set a watchman - the highly anticipated second novel by harper lee is in stock and available for pre order today. - pick up tomorrow.
0	randy orton vs. sheamus has been added to the wwebattleground match card. i'm pumped about going to it on sunday.
0	five_guys ... and the 23rd is national hot dog day ;-)
0	please, please, please come true. i'm counting down the hours until watchman's release.
0	we thought it would be a great idea to read the brand new go set a watchman by harper lee starting august 1st!
0	eager to read go set a watchman. will be out tomorrow, can't wait to get my hands on it!
0	i get harper lee's new book go set a watchman tomorrow i haven't been this excited about a new book in a long long time
0	"the_maleboss: boko haram will soon know the 'strength of our collective will' in sha allah. may god guide the new service chiefs!". amin
0	whoa! national ice cream day is in six days?! you may want to pay special attention here and on our facebook &amp; instagram accounts on sunday.
0	congratulations realmisstxusa for being first runner up in the miss usa pageant sunday!
0	bbcdp great to see eu solidarity from george osborne whose 1st worry was about the effect of greek crisis on uk economy, not poor greek ppl
0	tomorrow 7-14-15 the new harper lee novel "go set a watchman" is released !!!
0	"go set a watchman" (the sequel to "to kill a mockingbird") hits the bookshelves tomorrow!!!!! hype turnt
0	lowecatherine i can't wait to get watchman tomorrow...more because i want to see her maturation as a writer. forensic reading.
0	one day dean ambrose will be wwe champion and mark april 3 2016 on your calendar ambroseforwwechampion
0	it's almost time! harper lee's new book "go set a watchman" will be on sale at 7 am, tuesday the 14th! that is...
0	ok, i remember where i was when josh hamilton had the massive 1st round, etc in '08---and hats off to flavafraz21 bcuz that was epic also!!
0	getting my copy of go set a watchman tomorrow morning . . . should be interesting given the comments of the early reviewers.
0	madwags definitely wish we were reading together and enjoying a cup of tea!! schulerbooks btw have you read the 1st chapter of watchman?
0	let's celebrate the days leading up to national ice cream day on july 19 by eating ice cream. then let's have a...
0	best email of the day: amazon informed me my copy of "go set a watchman" will be here tomorrow! yay! 2 days earlier to literary heaven!
0	harper lee's go set a watchman on sale tomorrow. hopefully there are still copies in the nearest bookstore!
0	wishing the best for the new service chiefs. may they find wisdom and knowledge to fight boko haram godblessnigeria
0	did someone say christmas in july?! go set a watchman comes out today! oh, and i'm busy for the rest of today. no reason. booknerd
0	need to run to the bookstore to pick up a copy of go sat a watchman by paul blart. happyreading
0	did you know the 23rd is national hot dog day? we're giving away free hot dogs to all our fans at the game!
0	2.5 million people watched miss usa on reelz! this sunday! congrats to the true winner reelzchannel!
0	did you hear about harper lee's 3rd novel? ;) don't forget to put go set a watchman on hold at your library!
0	i may not be miss usa but i am still miss minnesota usa! i am looking forward to the appearances i have coming up!! bemorethanpretty
0	national ice cream day is sunday july 19th! we are ready to celebrate it on thursday!! we will be treating the...
0	sunday is national ice cream day! we will have supercold science shows at 2:00 &amp; 4:00pm with samples of liquid...
0	don't have plans for national ice cream day this sunday? well, now you do! come celebrate by getting a dole whip...
0	enjoy the summer, celebrate national ice cream day this sunday! visit honey cup in the channel islands harbor,...
0	k-rod is just trying to set up ryan braun for a walk off grand slam in the 9th. he's all about making his teammates look good. selfless
0	ryan braun making the ever so smart "stretch to a triple when down 4 runs in the 9th"
0	ryan braun with a 9th inning triple in the all-star game! doing his part to get the brewers homefield adv--nevermind.
0	this may be the coolest thing on the 'net. def my favorite. &gt; soul train - papa was a rolling stone via youtube
0	delivery has just arrived for sunday's national ice cream day. staff are getting excited here for their sundae's!...
0	congratulations to olivia jordan, who won miss usa on sunday!! olivia worked with us for several years while at...
0	harper lee's second novel go set a watchman may be block-buster; but the big read is charles dickens' all the year round.
0	baekdoxiuhun hi! my bias is kai bc he stole my heart the 1st tym i saw him in growl. he is my 1st love in kpop &amp; it's not changing til now
0	.miamismokers is joining us for national hot dog day on the 23rd. hawt dawg!
0	go set a watchman's uk sales top 100,000 in one day | books | guardianbooks
0	whatever thoughts and feelings watchman is giving you, come along on july 29th to chat all things mockingbird! it'll be a lively discussion!
0	with flashes of flesh and impressive resumes, miss usa was crowned sunday, after the pageant was shunned by major networks following
0	congratulations to ylianna guerra! 1st runner up the miss usa this past weekend! photo:darren decker,josh brasted
0	sunday is national ice cream day! take the capeflyer to get your ice cream fix! 4seasicecream katiesicecream
0	national hot dog day is july 23, come join us for the all american celebration.
0	may we remind folks national hot dog day is coming up on july 23rd - blowout specials that day! foodporn nomnom
0	i can't wait to go home this weekend, relax, see my pets, eat homemade food and read go set a watchman. is it friday yet?
0	jackjackjohnson jackgilinsky am i the only one excited about calibraska coming out july 24th?!
0	robotovee yeah i still remember their hq at hongdae. so small. so happy that they r the 3rd largest company in kpop now
0	olivia jordan is the 2nd american woman to hold the title of both miss world america and miss usa
0	pre-oder available for calibraska on july 24!! i'll order it right a way as well should everyone else! calibraskaep
0	tbt - who doesn't love it when the ice cream truck comes to visit? national ice cream day is sunday, july 19th!
0	national ice cream day is on sunday. what better way to celebrate than to check out these ice cream treats you...
0	wonder how it feels like to be paul mccartney. like on throw back thursday does he look back and marvel at the time he was a beatle?
0	singing rising sun out loud has got to be one of the most exhilirating and stress relieving things known to kpop fans haha risiiiiinggggggg
0	another iron maiden beer out? this may mean another review is on the way
0	sarah from moreatmidday interviewed bradley for national ice cream day. catch the segment friday 12:00 ch4 to see...
0	this sunday is national ice cream day! celebrate it by making some delicious homemade...
0	i bought myself a ticket for zac brown band in philly august 15. super excited!! i'm next to the pit right up front.
0	lacis logic: gets 3rd and 4th ear holes pierced on the day she has a dunkin shift (: (:
0	national ice cream day is this sunday! we will have free random give-aways all day! welovebensons nationalicecreamday
0	we like to have some fun at our community. come to the pool on july 23rd, 2-3pm, to celebrate national hot dog day!
0	sunday is national ice cream day, but we have the best creams minus the calories constantcontact
0	fyi philly's top spots to celebrate national ice cream day: july 19th is national ice cream day and the philad...
0	sunday, july 19th is national ice cream day! come to cold front and get a free mini cone with any purchase! icecream
0	so calibraska which be fully released on the 24th! a whole week earlier, aren't we lucky!
0	iron maiden trooper british beer smashing through 10 million pint barrier just 2 yrs special limited edition trooper 666 be available oct
0	not an apology and calibraska both come out on the 24th. i'm so excited jackjackjohnson jackgilinsky beamiller
0	fyi alexispetridis on kim k's rolling stone cover is, line for line, the funniest piece in g2filmandmusic today
0	randyorton can't wait for sunday at battleground randy orton is going to distroy sheamus.
0	ian mckellen reciting taylor swift's bad blood lyrics is just amazing
0	wow, people really go in on the extra sugary donuts at 6:30am on a friday. picking up our box o' joe at dunkin. production
0	eidmubarak ,may allah purify the souls of the victims of insurgency and aid us with necessary strength to fight boko haram gidi_traffic
0	saturday is national hot dog day. celebrate accordingly with ketchup &amp; relish.
0	this sunday is national ice cream day! we will be offering free gelato on the patio all day! flavors include...
0	it's friday and national ice cream day and food truck friday moosebtown so make sure you enjoy! btowneats
0	did you know sunday is national ice cream day? what's your favorite flavor?
0	sunday's national ice cream day, but celebrate any day with our housemade sorbets! what do you want to try next?
0	national hot dog day is coming up on july 23rd! be one of the first 300 customers on thursday july 23rd and get a...
0	national ice cream day is this sunday. be prepared to stay healthy with this delicious 3-ingredient recipe.
0	tomorrow is national hot dog day! get out on the town and treat yourself to a few of houston's best dogs-- hotdogday
0	sunday is national ice cream day. how could you miss that? here's some food inspiration from jinjuuldn
0	national ice cream day is sunday but the fun 101.3 staff is celebrating today with delicious weis quality ice...
0	how about a little facebook fun friday! like this post for a chance to win a $10 gift card to dunkin' donuts....
0	did you know this sunday is national ice cream day? at abco, this is a fun way for our team to enjoy the end of...
0	your pie greenville is celebrating national ice cream day this sunday by offering free gelato! make sure you stop...
0	this should brighten the day and make your weekend even better! free ice cream on sunday for national ice cream day!
0	sunday is national ice cream day. but ... we think it's fine to celebrate early.
0	national ice cream day is this sunday! how about we celebrate early with bucksic? open today 'til 5!
0	the husband of one of our associate producers just made rolling stone's list of top ten bands to watch! music film
0	make sure you eat plenty of ice cream this sunday! it's national ice cream day!
0	did you know - this sunday is national ice cream day! to celebrate, i'll be tucking in to my favourite ice cream,...
0	i like iron maiden (rampe) racing tomorrow in the last heat at 280m best of luck. lets cheers him little bit!...
0	happy (almost) national ice cream day! we're running a flavorfaceoff -may the best flavor win
0	national ice cream day is this sunday! see you at cold stone? icecreammonth
0	swansauce sunday is going to be a good day for you. it's national ice cream day!
0	t.g.i.f.: national hot dog day is saturday, july 18th. where to find the best hot dog in orlando? stop by hot...
0	i know it may sound strange to many, but it's incredible how iron maiden music made me relax music
0	sunday is national ice cream day, here's a sweet treat you can make at home
0	sunday is national ice cream day! get your favorite scoop this weekend &amp; enjoy the nice weather! funfactfriday sundaysundae happyfriday
0	national ice cream day is sunday - yes, there's a day for everything. start your weekend off with a healthy...
0	here's a list of every place you can get free ice cream for national ice cream day this sunday!
0	tomorrow is national hot dog day. if you are in brighton drop by harrys_hots
0	on sunday, when it's hot &amp; also national ice cream day, we'll have homemade ice cream! try an ice cream sandwich,...
0	did you know that sunday is national ice cream day? make sure to grab a scoop to celebrate! nationalicecreamday
0	national ice cream day is july 19, and to 'top it off' we're offering 25% off all our ice cream toppings!
0	we met aleissacara at our 1st eat to the beat event at live1015 &amp; love her cover of bad blood by taylorswift13 ff
0	national ice cream day is sunday! celebrate with organic ice cream from three twins! only $3.59/pint! sanfrancisco
0	this sunday is national ice cream day. do you have a favorite ice cream book?
0	i just learned that july 19 is national ice cream day. must celebrate! frosty paws for all! (that's as close as i'm getting to ice cream)
0	yum! national ice cream day is sunday, july 19th. enjoy a treat from dairy queen in the food court or at nieve de...
0	national ice cream day will hit the country this sunday; several local icecream spots plan on making it a sweet one
0	i got my ticket to see paul mccartney on the 31st, and i still can't believe this is happening lolla
0	watching collin_mchugh make josh hamilton whiff is a wonderful, wonderful thing. c'mon astros.
0	brookscraven i would cry so much.. i'm waiting to dunk in sept with friends. our theme is "dunkin ugly. because who dunks pretty? not 16"
0	make your own sundae on sunday with us at pretend city! enjoy national ice cream day on us!
0	ronda rousey gave serial woman-beater floyd mayweather a verbal tko on the espys red carpet wednesday night.
0	have you read go set a watchman, yet? it's well worth a read! come chat about it with us on the 29th at 7pm in our 1st book club! aberdeen
0	if you missed ian mckellan reading lyrics to bad blood you need to right that wrong right now
0	your weekend just got a whole lot sweeter ~ today is national ice cream day. c'mon downtown genevail for the best!
0	we are partnering up with lyft this sunday for national ice cream day. check out there facebook page for details.
0	since sunday is national ice cream day, we wanted to give you the scoop on some of our favorite places near our resort destinations:...
0	yum! this sunday is national ice cream day! our team started celebrating a few days early with tasty treats from...
0	seriously though, you guys have national ice cream day? that's soooo coool
0	friends be ready to celebrate national ice cream day tomorrow with graeters!
0	national ice cream day arrives on july 19 with these shops giving out free ice cream
0	rhettandlink i think you guys are a little excited. national hot dog day is july 23rd.
0	how about some good news for saturday morning: ice cream freebies, campbell! happy national ice cream day!
0	july 19th is national ice cream day, one of my favorite days of the year! cold ice cream on a hot summer day is a...
0	it's national ice cream day on sunday, july 19. get the ice cream scoop. nationalicecreamday
0	hey, did you know national ice cream day is sunday, july 19th? make sure you take a moment to enjoy a scoop of your favorite flavor! yum
0	i hung out with paul mccartney last night!!! it may or may not have been while i was sleeping and dreaming about it.
0	psa: national ice cream day is tomorrow, july 19th. i just thought everyone should know.
0	don't let sensitive teeth keep you from enjoying national ice cream day - sunday, july 19! learn more here..
0	here's the scoop: sunday is national ice cream day usa top stories
0	lovee_nothing we're actually going to the kpop store on tuesday... xd
0	sunday july 19 is national ice cream day! come celebrate with a free scoop of ice cream at altman's from 1 to 6pm!
0	tomorrow, sunday july 19th is national ice cream day! after careful thought we decided to make a fresh peach...
0	sunday 7/19 is national ice cream day and we're celebrating with $1 vanilla cones! come on by 4th &amp; osuna sunday from 12 to 5.
0	tomorrow is national ice cream day. just in case you can't make it to the dining hall to satisfy your craving, here are some stores......
0	literally planning to go to the movies just so i can see the dell commercial and scream its jack and jack! buy calibraska on the 24th!!
0	sun. is national ice cream day! celebrate at milburnorchards with free sundae toppings from 12noon-5pm.
0	sunday (tomorrow) is national ice cream day and have we got a gift for you! join us for an ice cream sundae and...
0	dobsonmen re-read tkam on the train to truro (long time since i read it). will start watchman tomorrow. no spoilers pls! :)
0	tomorrow!!!! where to get free ice cream on national ice cream day - sunday july 19th!! comment if you know of...
0	transgirl_mom debi, will you be taking all three of your kids (including hubby) out for ice cream on national ice cream day on sunday?? ;-)
0	good to know i'll be sharing my birthday with national ice cream day tomorrow
0	july 19th... best. day. ever. happy national ice cream day! can you spot the five different things in these images?
0	tomorrow is going to be the best day to celebrate national ice cream day at murray's!
0	sonic is celebrating national hot dog day on wednesday with discounted dogs
0	tomorrow is national ice cream day! treat yourself with homemade ice cream thesweethouse1 rowletticecreamsweets
0	in addition to bad blood, my brain is also shuffling the wonder woman theme and california gurls. still better than november rain.
0	gotta have a callahan's hot dog thursday for national hot dog day with all the trimmings fries or onion rings and root beer.
0	thejessicahugh we do too! and tomorrow it national ice cream day, so you are ahead of the game!
0	july 19th is national ice cream day. ice cream typically contains vitamins a, which is very important for the...
0	tomorrow is national ice cream day! how are you going to spend it? bloggerperks igotitfree
0	si_maggiegray tkamb is her favorite book and atticus is (was) her favorite literary character. i hear comes a watchman was the 1st book
0	thanks to ryan braun's defense, catch and guns down runner at home, brewers get out of 1st down 3. was 3-0 with bases loaded and no out!
0	tomorrow is national ice cream day! sunday july 19th icecreamday come on down for a free homemade waffle cone with every ice cream order!
0	watching the bad blood premiere at thestangrammys, but planning to release feeling myself vid tomorrow.
0	tomorrow is national ice cream day. i will celebrate all day.
0	tomorrow is national ice cream day! how about celebrating with this delicious treat...
0	tomorrow is the big day!! happy national ice cream day! icecreamday
0	sunday, june 19th is national ice cream day!!! (sorry for the short notice, but our a/c is now back up and...
0	tomorrow is national ice cream day... don't you wish you had this adorable banner to celebrate??
0	tomorrow is national ice cream day so make sure to get the cream in your mouths
0	and josh hamilton. really this whole team right now. incredible. get punched in the mouth in the 8th and then do this. awesome.
0	tomorrow, july 19, is national ice cream day! here are some of the specials you'll find around the country: my...
0	sunday is national ice cream day. to celebrate, the following retailers are offering some pretty sweet deals.
0	sunday, july 19th is national ice cream day. come celebrate with us! get up to two free toppings with any...
0	good sunday morning...and welcome to national ice cream day! warren says there is a lot to talk about between 6 &amp; 8.
0	this is going to be a fun 5 years. the makings of the next prime minister... george osborne....
0	enjoy a sundae on this sunday, it's national ice cream day! make your own all-natural w/ fresh fruits! icecreamday
0	and if it being sunday weren't enough to make you happy, hip hip hooray for national ice cream day. follow us all...
0	national hot dog day on thursday? come at me you muthas!
0	johnlusher vainparadise aceconcierge happy sunday &amp; national ice cream day! who's going out for a cone today?
0	in case you need any ideas for national ice cream day on monday, we're just gonna put this picture riiiiiiight here.
0	national ice cream day arrives this sunday, july 19th, and you can celebrate by diving mouth-first into free ice...
0	just little old me in the paper today! here's the scoop: sunday is national ice cream day via usatodaycollege
0	here's the scoop on how to get free ice cream on sunday for national ice cream day.
0	july 19th is national ice cream day when you get the urge for a snack on a hot, humid summer night, what's (cont)
0	the third sunday in july means it's national ice cream day! enjoy the weather and your favorite scoop or two today!
0	very excited about this tuesday night motorcyclenight free iced coffee and smoothies courtesy of dunkin' donuts will be there set up.
0	it's sweet tooth sunday! national ice cream day is july 19th! top your favorite dessert with a scoop! indulge
0	today is about to become our new favorite holiday. it's official: july 19th is national ice cream day! we found...
0	today is national ice cream day, healthy and refreshing!! come and enjoy this day with us!! have a great sunday!
0	it's national ice cream day see you tomorrow instagram.
0	july 19th is national ice cream day, are you going to celebrate with your favorite flavor? therealhungergames yummy
0	happy national ice cream day!! my kind of day!!! happy sunday!!
0	thursday july 23rd is national hot dog day! what a better way than having one "all the way?"
0	paul dunne joint 1st in open. brilliant golf from the amateur. theopenchampionship
0	the leader on the sunday of the british open and paul dunne is still 20/1. crazy!
0	it's national ice cream day? i may have to do something about that...
0	since today is national ice cream day, does that mean that tomorrow is the observation of national ice cream day?
0	july 19th is national ice cream day. it is a good day to cool down with a tasty treat.
0	celebrating national ice cream day with my fellow interns on this beautiful sunday andalsopanera logs2424
0	would be amazing to see paul dunne go out and win the famous claret jug tomorrow !!!
0	paul dunne made for life unless he blows up tomorrow. sponsors be all over him theopen2015
0	paul dunne is playing lights out today at theopen, it would be awesome to see an amateur in contention coming down the stretch tomorrow
0	july 19th is national ice cream day, are you going to celebrate with your favorite flavor?...
0	paul dunne holding his own. exciting day of golf planned for tomorrow theopen2015
0	paul dunne is the real deal, some feeling for the lad walking up the 18th fairway to that reception leading theopen coolnesspersonified
0	good going paul dunne britishopen amateur ... tied for lead and on 18th
0	jamierkinnin its wide open at the open championship, should be a cracker tomorrow, good luck to amateur paul dunne who started at 1,500/1
0	isn't it remarkable how well paul dunne is handling this lead theopen2015 some leaderboard for tomorrow
0	what a round from paul dunne, and with that he could be going off in the last group tomorrow theopen
0	wow. paul dunne!! great job kid! hope he can stay in it tomorrow and show these pros how it's, dare i say, dunne?! theopen theopen2015
0	super round from paul dunne! exciting day ahead tomorrow! theopen
0	unbelievable stuff from paul dunne. hopefully he can repeat it tomorrow, either way it's an heroic performance.
0	what an accomplishment by paul dunne, hope he comes out firing tomorrow theopen
0	hats off to paul dunne there, played some great golf today, deserves to be in the final grouping tomorrow. theopen2015
0	well done paul dunne!! played a great round of golf today. could he actually win theopen2015 tomorrow????
0	massive reception for paul dunne on the packed 18th. such a mature and composed head on such young shoulders. great round of 66. bbcgolf
0	amazing round from paul dunne, fantastic to see amateurs not only making the cut but actually contending.hope he does well tomorrow theopen
0	and as it stands the amateur paul dunne will be going out last tomorrow with jason day! what a moment for him! openchampionship
0	some round by paul dunne at st andrews. shoot that tomorrow and he wins. ireland
0	incredible performance from paul dunne ! what a feeling walking up the 18th at st. andrews as leader must be! theopen
0	theopen well done to paul dunne excellent play today young man! keep it together tomorrow leading
0	paul dunne is going to be so nervous tomorrow, awesome he's in that position though. hope he has a chance to win late tomorrow!
0	would love to see paul dunne make things interesting tomorrow at theopen. what a great story
0	fantastic stuff from paul dunne, broke so many records as an amateur. very likely to be in the last group tomorrow theopen
0	paul dunne has played like a hero! hope he wins tomorrow !!
0	absolutely fantastic stuff from paul dunne today. keep the dream alive tomorrow
0	great round theopen for paul dunne doingirelandproud can't believe i'm going to miss the last day tomorrow
0	here's the scoop: sunday is national ice cream day via usatodaycollege i love the free ice cream for dogs!
0	delighted for that young man paul dunne making the british isles so proud today. a bad round tomorrow &amp; you'll be irish again theopen2015
0	kistschtwit good luck to paul dunne on the last day of the british open tomorrow. can he do it? hopefully.
0	paul dunne had some day today at st.andrews... brilliant achievement so far for an amateur, be great to see him stay in touch tomorrow.
0	what a round by paul dunne, good luck tomorrow and i hope you win the open.
0	paul dunne on walking up the 18th hole at st. andrews as a co-leader: "that was about as much fun as anyone could have in golf, ever."
0	absolutely awesome interview with paul dunne just now. kinda pulling for the amateur to lift the jug tomorrow.
0	paul_bothwick paul dunne? looks more like paul bothwick! good luck in the final round tomorrow! theopen
0	superb. brilliant. stunning. we need say no more about theopen so far and wish paul dunne good luck for monday. proud thedream
0	paul dunne with a great quote post round on his thoughts on the 1st tee tomorrow leading the open ... "make contact."
0	1500:1 vegas odds on paul dunne actually making it to the final rnd.. no matter what happens be proud!! go get it mon bud!! amateurchampion
0	paul dunne is awesome; "hole's the same size tomorrow", &amp; "the ball always does what you tell it" are my new favourite golfing catchphrases
0	paul dunne: "the ball does what you tell it to do." we all know he's one to watch now! brilliant theopen
0	in rory's absence paul dunne is representing ireland well in the open!! 1st amateur since bobby jones to lead going into the final round.
0	paul dunne living the dream! shame he's gonna have to pull a sickie from work tomorrow, hope his boss turns a blind eye! theopen2015
0	paul dunne, an amateur, shares open lead going into final round. amazing! padraig is 5th:
0	definitely rooting for paul dunne to take home the british open tomorrow
0	the side project of iron maiden bassist steve harris is out on the road! playing live bristol bierkeller 30th...
0	tough 3rd round for dustin johnson, but he's five shots back. another 65 tomorrow and he's right back in the thick of it theopen
0	july 19th is national ice cream day! we want to know what your favorite ice cream place in chester county is, post below!
0	the only reason dustin johnson didn't play well is because it's a sunday. luckily for him the final round is on monday. theopen2015
0	dustin johnson staggeringly bogeys 18th after 3 putts from off front of the green. he'll rue that round for years. a 75 to be -7. theopen
0	what an achievement by paul dunne today. to lead the open in these circumstances is amazing. everybody will be shouting for him tomorrow!
0	great to see paul dunne &amp; padraig harrington in with a chance to win the 2015 british open at st.andrews on monday.
0	hey, freeloaders? it's national ice cream day. chow down and worry about your hips tomorrow, monday. or the 1st...
0	beat the heat by taking advantage of national ice cream day &amp; don't forget that fundraising goes until july 31st.
0	anyone else just realize it's national ice cream day and wanna join me in starting our diets tomorrow?
0	so it's day of the dog today+tomorrow's national ice cream day? who made mistake of not declaring both on same day plus free cones for dogs?
0	for first time ever i can't wait to wake up at 6am on monday! love the paul dunne story but pulling for jordanspieth theopenchampionship
0	should paul dunne of irl finish the open in 8th alone or better, he'll move to 1 in the spwar. same for niebrugge if 5th alone or better.
0	tomorrow my day will begin with the loud crack of a snare drum... like a rolling stone turns 50 /via globeandmail
0	taste of tremont + national ice cream day. this may be the best day of my entire life.
0	class act! wishing paul dunne the very best for tomorrow at the open
0	pic: this guy will make a nice profit if paul dunne wins the golf tomorrow
0	today is national ice cream day!!! give in to the excuse! lol.
0	tomorrow is going to be the most interesting 'sunday' at a major championship in recent memory. wishing paul dunne best of luck theopen
0	a touch of class from the r&amp;a putting paul dunne out in the last two ball tomorrow. what a day ahead for him. everything crossed. gogetem
0	amazingamateur paul dunne breaks a multitude of records and 1st's in british open with amazing display and control.
0	also in tomorrow's metrosporthq, all the details of a fabulous day for paul dunne and an enthralling third round at st andrews. theopen
0	molloyjoe this paul dunne story is unbelievable but i hope this legend does it tomorrow! helookslikemaryrobinson
0	this offer ends tomorrow! get dustin johnson to finish in the top 5 at 3/1 or jordan spieth at 5/1 when you join:
0	paul dunne might get ireland out of this economic crisis if he wins tomorrow! theopen2015
0	paul dunne (a) did an amazing job in today's open. well done dunners11 and good luck for tomorrow. we know you are irish - now, bbcsports
0	the last time an amateur lead the theopen after 54 holes was bobby jones in 1927... hope paul dunne can make history tomorrow!
0	"it was just a good day, i felt comfortable and hope for the same tomorrow" -- paul dunne:
0	dustin johnson has the openchampionship field right where he wants them heading into tomorrow's final round: in front of him.
0	i love the gaul of george osborne writing an article for the guardian, grinning, giggling, dressed in a full suit on a sunday night
0	did you know today (july 19) is national ice cream day? :d what's your fave flavor?
0	ireland's paul dunne, the pride of alabama/birm., is 1st amateur since some guy named bobby jones in '27, to lead theopen after 3 rds
0	as bad as i'd like to see jordan spieth win the open, this paul dunne kid is something else. can't wait to see it unfold tomorrow!
0	no matter what happens in tomorrow's final round at the theopen, paul dunne has given uabathletics the best exposure at the highest level
0	so is today national ice cream day or next sunday? i want some! nationalicecreamday
0	some day at theopen2015 . incredible stuff from paul dunne and padraig harrington. baffling round by dustin johnson. monday will be great.
0	great day of sun and blue skies!great day of sport! paul dunne story of the day! aussies weren't half bad either!
0	really torn on the final round tomorrow. i'd love to see day finally get his major or for paul dunne to take it. still want spieth though
0	i can think of no finer thing than for an irishman to win the british open tomorrow. good luck, paul dunne.
0	the library will be celebrating national ice cream day tomorrow, july 20th! stop by between 10am- 11am and make...
0	golfcentral amateurs performing well everywhere!! paul dunne leading the open and robbie shelton in 3rd at the barbasol. good stuff.
0	here's an easy way to make ice cream sandwiches for national ice cream day this sunday!... (vine by tysofast)
0	wow, i feel so good for paul dunne! hope he can keep it going tomorrow
0	there may be nothing more exciting in wwe than the buildup to a randy orton rko
0	join us this thursday fancy frank's for national hot dog day freedogs in support of the torontobluejays care...
0	really hope paul dunne has a good day tomorrow. fantastic player and great guy whatever happens tomorrow to lead the open is awesome!
0	what an awesome night to celebrate national ice cream day with 3rd annual ice cream churn-off. congrats to all...
0	:d today is sundae, july 19 and it's national ice cream day! :d from classic vanilla to avocado (yes, it exists),...
0	good luck tp irishman "paul dunne" in final round of the open tomorrow.
0	if paul dunne wins the open tomorrow as an amateur, the transitive property tells me that i also have a good chance of winning it. science
0	what's the crazier win.....paul dunne winning tomorrow or tom watson in 09? i can't lean either way. good for the kid.
0	mollyohoran scottferson i only celebrate holidays during the work week. also, i need tomorrow off for national ice cream day.
0	thursday, july 23 is national hot dog day, monica lewinsky's birthday, and my wedding anniversary. so, that seems about right.
0	paul dunne going to make history tomorrow irisheyesaresmiling
0	"from the mouth of god my heart speaks" 19 july 2015 words for today feelings and watchman!!! thank you god for...
0	watching paul dunne at british open tomorrow will be mental game case study-see if he sticks to routines, breathing, demeanor, gonna be good
0	do you know who paul dunne is? he may make history tomorrow. hear how! zachkleinwsb has details now!
0	here's to the close of another weekend and fun on national ice cream day! ready for monday?
0	good morning and enjoy 3rd day of eid
0	asslamau alaikum community of khair, by the grace of allah, we had a wonderful eid gathering on friday. for...
0	faysalquraishi welcome back 2 khi faysal bhai.excited 2 see u again in jeetkadum.happy 3rd day of eid.
0	tasting sawine for the 1st time on eid yesterday. he enjoyed every bit of it! dj_lyricalart
0	good morning.. last day of the eid vacation. office starts from tomorrow :(
0	eid's 3rd day....:) loving
0	first two days of eid went best. swimming on first day bar-b-q on 2nd now on a trip to larkana on 3rd day :)...
0	aslam _ o _ alikum every one happy 3rd day of eid
0	enjoy the 3rd day of eid with great relish:)
0	eid holidays are about to complete and usual routine to begin from wednesday! had great time meeting w/ relatives &amp; friends. stay blessed.
0	3rd day of eid, eid mubarak dears all.
0	*****3rd day******====*====i wish y0u a very happy eid fr0m the c0re of my heart... eid-ul-fitar mubarak
0	eid 3rd day.... good after none
0	today isn't the first time george osborne has written for the guardian, his early columns make for fun reading.
0	with countless blessing of allah, may this eid fill your life with joy and prosperity. eid greeting happy 3rd day of eid. .regards:tasleem
0	"louis57tm: great round by paul dunne today. i enjoyed playing with him. all the best for tomorrow." proudlysouthafrican theopen
0	dustin johnson was in the final group sunday, shot 75, and today he and jim furyk are paired 12 games before the final group theopen.
0	salaam to all friends and enjoy the 3rd day of eid with your family pray for the all people special pray for me kindly
0	eid is incomplete without these people. 1st day of eid at darul sukun. blessings love care
0	wishing "-./'/.-" you )""( happy (==) eid )__( mubarak for you and your family . . . . . 3rd day
0	....eid.... mubarak may allah bless u foreve with all of his b
0	atharlovesrock on the holy occasion of eid here is wishing that may the blessing of allah light up your way and lead u to eternal
0	job on eid's 3rd day is fun man
0	ice cold cider coupled with the sounds of iron maiden. great monday night...
0	just when we thought comical genolukolade was the chief clown. big words as explosions at eid prayers. do 1st!!!
0	best of luck to paul dunne today as he tries to become the 1st amateur to win "the open" in 85 years!.. also...
0	on this divine day of eid may allah shower his blessings on u &amp; ur loved ones....&amp; fill ur life with...
0	jordan spieth or irish amateur paul dunne? either way, they both have a chance to make history monday at theopen -
0	4th day of eid ul-fitr, all smile, all smile :) kosongkosong courtesy photo by zeeyasmi
0	this message is for all my dear female friends, you all looked pretty as hell on eid. may you all remain pretty...
0	2nd day of eid in wadi bin khaled - oman .. it was really awesome fantastic &lt;3 &lt;3
0	all about paul dunne and padraig harrington on this fine monday morning.
0	islamchannel asianmediaaward brought for the love of food live to eid in the park on sat mk- amazing audience
0	i posted 9 photos on facebook in the album "the glamorous 2nd night of the eid, we all together in snooker cl"
0	good morning! it's monday........again....:-)...happy day after national ice cream day...:-)
0	ollie schniederjans joins paul dunne &amp; jordan niebrugge as the 3rd amateur in the top 10 at theopen2015! remarkable
0	paul dunne is tied for 1st at the open and he's a proud uabblazer shutout to my ace naive_n_sassy blazerlife
0	it's a 3rd day of eid. we are blessed with nice weather and owsum feeling of freshness. alhamdulillah
0	paul dunne going for the first amateur since bobby jones to win the open and pod going for his 3rd open! inpodwetrust getherdunne
0	best of luck to paul dunne this afternoon. he has already been brilliant and made us proud. may he play a great...
0	on 3rd day of eid holidays i am praying that next eid will be full of happiness for the nation whose prayers would have been heard by then
0	so hope that, at the 18th, paul dunne makes that classic walk, knowing his putt could win the open. what a story...
0	see how karachiates celebrating"eid"-no water in liaqatabad no 6, 3rd day of eid mohajirswantjustice kalame_ghalib
0	what makes monday better? final round of theopen golf championship! scottish amateur paul dunne, who attended uab, is tied for the lead.
0	fancy this paul dunne at the open at 40/1 would make it a good monday
0	good birdie for paul dunne on the 3rd theopen2015
0	good comeback from paul dunne. birdie on 5th and he's back to square today. solid mental achievement. theopen
0	july 20. 50 years of like a rolling stone. today is the day to drop the needle and "play it fucking loud."
0	arielhelwani if paul dunne wins theopen2015 i think it may eclipse thenotoriousmma in irish sporting achievements.
0	omar_quraishi wednesday will be spent on eid milan. and then the eid hangover for next two days followed by weekend.
0	check out the post how celebs celebrated eid on saturday! on via itimestweets
0	happy mini monday! it's national ice cream day and we have all of the goodies you need to celebrate! we've got...
0	learn about eid warwickpghub celebration's tomorrow. cakes, malaysian cookies &amp; treats! all warwick pg's welcome!
0	may the auspicious occasion of eid , bless you with peace and bring joy to your heart and home. best regards hamayoon amanzai
0	finally got the tickets for bajrangibhaijaan thanks to usamaqureshy finally a high note to put an end to eid holidays. work from tomorrow!
0	malik77_m khair mubarak. i hope you had a lovely eid. ami sends her love. may allah grant your&amp; your family every success. xxx
0	a little old man at dunkin donuts told me i was beautiful. with the monday i've had...i needed that.
0	july 23 is national hot dog day! we'll be hosting a hot dog eating contest. contact cragueseadogs.com if you're interested in participating
0	celebrate 3rd day of eid transmission with dj tariq &amp; dj adeel 10:00 pm to 12:00 mn enjoy with fm 101 happy eid...
0	very proud of paul dunne. it may not have ended the way he wanted but he showed what a big talent he has open2015
0	hy-vee shoppers! we have a great deal coming on thursday for you! thursday, july 23rd is national hot dog day. so...
0	asad umar &amp; zubair umar on 11th hour with waseem badami for a candid eid interview. interesting!
0	sulaimania mosque in the early morning is having a bright visitor at its dome as a gift on the 3rd day of eid for us.
0	thursday is national hot dog day! je will be serving hot dogs to our staff &amp; raising $ for united way of manatee! how are you celebrating?
0	hope every celebrating eid had a fantastic time!!! we will be open from tomorrow again at 12pm. thank you for...
0	don't worry if you missed national ice cream day, its ice cream day at our hotel every sunday w/ our sweet summer...
0	floyd mayweather is the best welterweight in the world &amp; he's fighting a man who is the 2nd best welterweight in his gym mayweatherberto
0	i may only be three chapters in but go set a watchman is proving to be a very promising classic in the making. book harperlee
0	national hot dog day is july 23rd! make sure you make plans to get some dogs! we will have them ready for you! :-)
0	dont forget to enjoy your healthy breakfast tomorrow before you start your week after eid! healthy hungry happy
0	taylor is going to dominate when the nominations for the vmas are released tomorrow, blank space and bad blood were very well made videos.
0	you can take ufc, mma or heavyweight boxing but that brock lesnar vs undertaker fight on wwe may have been one of the best ever brawls.
0	vip trip with miss usa tn july 17 was awesome. writing the book it's christmas again published by tate was worth my journey. order book now.
0	this was classic. "you may have sold your soul to the devil but your ass belongs to brock lesnar" raw , but the undertaker ain't no joke
0	nurulatiraaah happy birthday to you old friend! have a blast and may allah bless you. happy eid and enjoy your roti kaya hahaha
0	so we're on the road to the 2nd biggest show of the year and raw just ended with cesaro standing tall with randy orton and john cena.
0	belated eid mubarak to all. may next eid bring about the end of tyrants of our planets. ameen.
0	get the scoop: july 19 is national ice cream day
0	fredsfro i wish you a very happy and peaceful eid. may allah accept your good deeds.
0	welcome back all friends after eid holidays. today tuesday 4 shawal 1436 ah 21 july 2015 ad 6 swan 2072 bj have a nice day take care
0	good morning everyone! remember to catch the great deals offered for eid, they're extended until thursday. discount
0	holy shit national hot dog day is thursday. if you know me well enough you'll know how important this is to me rn
0	summerslam brock lesnar against the dead man, c'mon undertaker, unbelieveable electrifying
0	titusoneilwwe vs brocklesnar at tuesday night main event. tell triple h u want a match against brock lesnar tonight
0	i think that having undertaker on monday night raw and in a feud with brock lesnar is best for business! rawkansascity wwe
0	sunday on national ice cream day the hillsborohops hops got licked. today, anniversary of moon landing ferr_ozuna launched a walk off hr
0	sarkhail7khan 5aad ivabdul it was funny though:p the 2nd thing i laughed at on eid.
0	on eid 1st day after playing cricket with my sweet friends
0	hope you had a wonderful eid. our next dubsmash compilation video will be on youtube within thursday, so hurry up...
0	calling all ladies! come celebrate eid in east london this sunday! join us for a day full of fun, games &amp; food
0	ik is going to pew tomorrow 2 meet families of shuhada of army public school.he should have been there with them on eid nd after eid
0	that scrap between the undertaker and brock lesnar on monday night raw last night looked like the best craic ever
0	so it's 4th day of eid... still having busyness..
0	finally pre-ordered the new iron maiden album (book of souls), can't wait for september 4th, that cd is going to be blasting around my house
0	may just have had the sweetest dates ever (wish i was talking about guys, but no) eid treats are the best.
0	3rd day of eid... a day spend well old friends reunion after a long time. first badge of read foundation reunion...
0	july 20th 2015 is a historic night thanks to the wwe raw and thedeadman heymanhustle for bringing in brock lesnar to start a riot wwe
0	national hot dog day means free wieners on thursday - the news journal - the news journal
0	arianagrande can't wait to see you in dc on saturday! what kind of donut do you prefer so i know what to pick up at dunkin? iloveamerica
0	president barack obama will welcome nigeria's new president to the white house monday in an effort to bolster the fight against boko haram
0	i'm still thinking about sunday &amp; last night. the undertaker &amp; brock lesnar are going to tare the house at summerslam wwe
0	barnes &amp; noble reported that "go set a watchman" had its largest 1st day sale of an adult fiction book ever:...
0	i want it to be friday so i can get my medium iced latte from dunkin
0	get your dog on!!......this thursday 7/23 is national hot dog day, celebrate with us for only $7- chile cheese...
0	don't forgot! national hot dog day this thursday! we will be cooking out hot dogs by the pool at 2:00pm
0	what chaos between brock lesnar and undertaker on monday night raw loved it can't wait for summerslam
0	eid shopping brings windfall for oman traders: road travelers on thursday, the beginning of the break, had to ...
0	madhucheri tomorrow night is red carp[et premiere of sharknado 3. cindy has a great cameo in it.
0	hope, love &amp; laughter; warmth, prosperity &amp; joy; a fragrant bouquet filled with life; you may enjoy! a very happy eid -
0	imnotsuperstitiousbut i have to watch sharknado tonight and sharknado 2 and the premiere of sharknado 3 tomorrow. syfy
0	wow! taylorswift13's bad blood is 1 at pop radio for the 5th week.
0	george osborne and ids should write a joint article in the sun thanking burnham, cooper &amp; kendall for their support on the welfare bill.
0	great round at northern pines! two birdies on the card with an 85. finished 2nd to dustin johnson championstour
0	i want to see sharknado 3. someone record it onto a dvd tomorrow and bring it to the track thursday.
0	so... uh guys. sharknado is tomorrow. would anyone wanna celebrate it with me on wadatwitter
0	saudi's eid present to taiz. big thank you saudiembassyusa. this is best eid present ever for taiz yemen
0	reminder: national hot dog day - this thursday, july 23 from 5-7pm on the village green. grilled dogs with all the...
0	january's baby miss heart of the usa calendar queen enjoying ice cream on national ice cream day over the weekend!
0	bbq 12 bad dogs: the hot dog goes global - national hot dog day is thursday, july 23. now you know. time to teach...
0	sharknado 3 tomorrow if your not excited you ain't living right
0	tricking my mom into watching sharknado and sharknado 2: the second one before the party tomorrow night sharknado3
0	stop what you're doing. sharknado is on syfy channel. and sharknado 3 premieres tomorrow night. life is good
0	watching the original sharknado prepping for sharknado3 tomorrow.
0	looking forward to sharknado 3 tomorrow. tara cant act her way out of a paper bag and her face can no longer show any emotion. i love it!
0	if i don't go to the gym tomorrow night, i can watch sharknado 2 again. it has been too long since i watched.
0	sharknado 3 tomorrow. sorta like the best day ever.
0	well i pulled a dustin johnson on the 18th but i'm proud to say i played the best 9 holes of my life tonight golow
0	my plans were to sharknado 1&amp;2 it up for tomorrow's big premiere... but oitnb won. 1/2way thru season 3.. i need more hrs in the day..
0	hey billengvall: can't wait for sharknado 3 tomorrow night! what is the name of your character? woo hoo!! sharknadosyfy garymartinhays
0	i just found out sharknado 3 comes out tomorrow night. i'm beyond excited
0	floyd mayweather going to fight andre berto in september thats just more money in my pocket lol
0	watched sharknado tonight with mom while she recovered from surgery. now she wants to watch 2 and 3 tomorrow. i love my mom.
0	make sure to watch sharknado 3 hell no tomorrow! maryse0uellet is in the movie! but you'll have to find her ;)
0	it's prince george's 2nd birthday! with the following hashtag you can congratulate the little prince. we wish his...
0	asdfghjkl; why are you so cute?! happy 2nd birthday, prince george!
0	is it weird i'm excited for sharknado 3 tomorrow night?
0	look it's national hot dog day! yay! some restaurants are giving great deals on hot dgs on july 23rd!
0	also, sharknado 3 tomorrow! bring on the campy shark and theme park humor!
0	ive been with nirvana since sat it was a date every night
0	happy 2nd birthday prince george!! kensington palace celebrates the young royal's 2nd birthday with another...
0	ohhhhh the things i'd do for dunkin donuts tomorrow morning.. missssfox is there one near us
0	by george he's cute! new pictures of prince george have been released to mark his 2nd birthday. tennews 5pm
0	in honor of prince george's 2nd birthday, 10 super-cute cakes fit for the little royal
0	thursday is my favorite holiday of the year... national hot dog day!!!!!!!
0	july 22nd isn't just prince george's birthday. a very happy birthday to nearly 5 million who will be celebrating their special day
0	happy 2nd birthday to little prince george! churchill hopes you have a paw-fect day. ohyes
0	a very happy birthday to prince george! the cutest prince in the whole darn land.
0	if prince george's birthday is making all the news this morning, imagine the headlines tomorrow when it's my birthday! birthdayboy
0	happy birthday george, you cutie. royals celebrate prince george's 2nd birthday via yahoonews
0	happy 2nd birthday prince george! we, at swimfin, think it's the perfect time for george to pop on a swimfin and...
0	so not only is it national hot dog day on thursday, its also national tequila day on friday!!!! fancy that.....
0	itvthismorning my little harry kenyon celebrates his 2nd birthday today with prince george
0	trh_britroyals happy birthday prince george on your 2nd birthday, have a lovely day &amp; enjoy your special day. xx
0	just found a banda machine. may need it come george osborne's november spending review...
0	anyone's going on 29 july for me5caline, iag and fourxbrid's performances?! if kpop fans are going, favourite! ^^ rpconfessions
0	thursday is national hot dog day! our excitement is beyond words!!! come celebrate with us tomorrow!
0	wishing the lovely prince george a wonderful 2nd birthday!
0	happy birthday prince george! we hope that you're having a lovely camping themed birthday party princegeorge
0	a very happy eid greetings to all of you, may your lives be blessed, ameen
0	telegraph happy bday prince george may god bless u with many more years to live :-)
0	happy birthday prince george! hope you grow wise and healthy to be a great king one day allhailtheprince
0	to celebrate the 2nd birthday of the beautiful prince george i will be offering personalised children related...
0	happy 2nd birthday to prince george!!! with the mention of birthdays, comment below with your little persons...
0	happy b' day prince george. may lord jesus fulfill all ur wishes.
0	kensingtonroyal happy birthday prince george. may you be blessed in the years to come.
0	kensingtonroyal happy 2nd birthday prince george hope you have a fun day x
0	i hope when i have a son he's as cute as prince george. happy 2nd birthday you cutie!
0	you just got to love prince george happy 2nd birthday !! princegeorge
0	happy 2nd birthday princegeorge. have you got our prince george badge yet? give us a call and order your pack today.
0	you have to admit, he's pretty adorable! happy birthday, prince george :-)
0	the 'eid falls last friday, though it's done i am thankful alhamdulillah to have this additional info/knowledge.
0	happy 2nd birthday prince george, may your day be filled with fun and puppies! happybirthdayprincegeorge
0	the bells are being rung wabbey to mark prince george's 2nd birthday. many, many happy returns of the day!
0	can you believe it's been 2 years already? happy 2nd birthday to prince george. princegeorgebday
0	happy 2nd birthday prince george! we've loved watching you grow up from a baby in to a little boy princegeorge
0	good morning neighbors... tomorrow is national hot dog day. here are some fun facts about hot dogs. it is an...
0	come &amp; celebrate prince george's 2nd birthday with us! complimentary ice cream for kids ! royalbaby birthday icecream celebration
0	prince george turns 2: his best style moments - he may be just two, but just like mom kate middleton, royal toddle...
0	today is prince george's 2nd bday and i'm in europe...going to his party because i'm considering myself friends of the royal family
0	wishing prince george a very happy 2nd birthday from the old star! cheers! happybirthdayprincegeorge
0	heading to a barbecue this weekend? july 23 is national hot dog day! try making your own hot dog buns with our...
0	happy 2nd birthday to prince george, the little gift that keeps on giving! happybirthdayprincegeorge
0	happy 2nd birthday, prince george! see how much he's grown with these 28 photos
0	windsor_charles have a great 2nd birthday prince george i hope u have a lovely day with lots of lovely pressies!!
0	today is our little miss emporium fair's 2nd birthday - she was born 2 hours before prince george! needless to say there will be cake.
0	feeling frisky? thursday is national hot dog day. we have a dog to fit whatever mood you're in. put your...
0	can't wait for tomorrow . . . won't have to hear about sharknado anymore.
0	happy 2nd birthday, prince george!! my family hoped that you will have a great day, and many dreams comes true. &lt;3
0	hi everybody it's leanne here! it's prince george's 2nd birthday today and i want to know what gift would you...
0	happy 2nd birthday, prince george! see how much he's grown with 28 of his cutest photos:
0	kensingtonroyal happy birthday, prince george! may your day be filled with love, laughter and happiness.
0	happy 2nd birthday prince george kensingtonroyal we don't know if he's tried hopster yet - but he can try it for free with promo g3org3!
0	happy 2nd birthday to prince george ii! wish him a beautiful day on this special day! what a cutie happybirthdayprincegeorge
0	nice day here in london today as we wish prince george (third in line to the throne!) a happy 2nd birthday!
0	two years ago today we were off to italy!! the only reason i remember is because, it's prince george's 2nd birthday!
0	it's wake up wednesday at cambridge! stop by the clubhouse for dunkin' donuts and juice.
0	some good news some of the time: teenager finds pics of nirvana's first gig, world rejoices
0	kensingtonroyal happy 2nd birthday to prince george, hope he has a fabby day xx
0	wishing prince george a very happy birthday! mum &amp; dad may not be looking forward to the terrible 2's, but we are!
0	ed92live national hot dog day is tomorrow, according to that calendar you found.
0	one more day...tomorrow , july 23rd, is national hot dog day!! $1 hot dogs all day!!!! (slaw &amp; cheese extra) come and get 'em!
0	only the best were born july 22nd: oscar de la renta &amp; me. ok fine, i guess we can include prince george too.
0	many happy solar returns to prince george of cambridge as he turns 2 today!
0	dougandgator971 monday night, i watched monday night raw instead of the tigers game. brock lesnar destroying stuff is more entertaining.
0	happy 2nd birthday to prince george from infant massage. i can't believe he is two already!! do any babies out...
0	eid special for me ....( 5days ) from 18-6-2015 eid day rain day &amp; without my wife and child. 2nd day just sleep...
0	happy birthday, prince george!! may the sun shine ever so brightly for you today!
0	kensingtonroyal happy 2nd birthday prince george hope you have a great day with your mother, father and baby sister love you all xoxo
0	happy 2nd birthday to prince george aka the cutest little thing on the planet
0	happy 2nd birthday to prince george. i can't believe that it's 2 years since i was glued to the tv awaiting the announcement!
0	in honor of prince george's 2nd birthday. who wore it better?
0	dumbesticated tomorrow is national hot dog day! *skips away singing* it's the moooost wonderful tiiiime of the yeeeeaaaar
0	national hot dog day is tomorrow, july 23rd! will you take care of business like this little tyke? love this kid!!!
0	happy 2nd birthday to prince george of cambridge, as he celebrates his cherished day in style. royal fashion
0	save the date, august 23 2015, summerslam main event, the undertaker vs. brock lesnar..gonna be epic..wwe
0	national hot dog day is tomorrow! sonic is doing "dollar" hot dogs....the 6 inch size.....all day tomorrow. i...
0	8 yrs since harry potter and the deathly hallows came out and prince george's 2nd birthday is today harrypotter happybirthdayprincegeorge
0	tomorrow is national hot dog day! stop by the leasing office tomorrow between 11:00-1:00pm to enjoy some delicious hot dogs.
0	join the suns top dog, southpaw, for national hot dog day tomorrow at aljaxbeach from 11 am - noon. learn more i
0	who's going to be 1st in line tomorrow for free hot dogs to celebrate national hot dog day?? first 100 people get free fenway dogs.
0	we hope everyone had a wonderful eid! the league resumes saturday july 25th at the regular times &amp; locations. academy resumes july 28th.
0	kensingtonroyal happy 2nd birthday to prince george! hope he has a fantastic day!
0	happy 2nd birthday to prince george, third in line to the british throne!
0	happy wednesday! nba players prefer the beard, urban gets a commit, osu/michigan brawl, sharknado 3 &amp; game show wednesday! see you at 3!
0	towergrovedogs tomorrow is national hot dog day! 7/23 they're giving you 1/2 off the entire hot dog menu! plus new waffle dog on-a-stick!
0	july 23 is national hot dog day! bogo single italian hot dog when you mention this post! 7/23/15 at kenilworth only.
0	who wants a free $20 gift certificate? come in tomorrow 7/23 for national hot dog day, and for every $5 you spend...
0	ceilidhann beckihawkes however conflicted i may feel about watchman's publication this is a hella great upside to it.
0	also. national hot dog day is thursday. but i really, really like tacos and margaritas. nationaltequiladay nationalhotdogday
0	tomorrow is national hot dog day! pay your respects with a mexican dog from el perron hot dogs!
0	prince george is a cancer too michellineg! we really are the best.
0	national hot dog day thursday: kangaroo express will offer free hot dog to customers with a military id from 4-8p, $.50 for everyon else.
0	angel_928 magic girl don't stress yourself and you don't need to say sorry health come 1st take care and i hope you had great time on eid
0	july 23rd is national hot dog day! hot dogs will be .99 cents all day! come enjoy a great hot dog! nationalhotdogday
0	this may be pathetic but i'm soo excited for sharknado 3. best to watch with lil kids tho.
0	national hot dog day is tomorrow! celebrate w cheffinis dtcontainerpark - food vegas yum
0	happy 2nd birthday, prince george! how much does the little royal look like his dad?!
0	are you ready for national hot dog day tomorrow? go out and grill some delicious hot dogs!
0	chris carrigan: it's prince george's 2nd birthday today. the 12th picture is the best - he's holding his baby...
0	planetjedward ahhh ill be watching sharknado tomorrow wish i could see it now! =:d
0	enjoy, in case you missed national ice cream day this past sunday...
0	tomorrow is national hot dog day! be sure to vote for sahlens for qvc customer choice awards:
0	it was prince george's 2nd birthday today! isn't he a cutie? is your little one's birthday soon? not sure what to...
0	tomorrow is national hot dog day and 7eleven will have $1 big bites! get you a wiener! nationalhotdogday bigbite 7eleven wieners
0	wasn't gonna watch sharknado tonight but i may have to catch a peak to see keselowski joeylogano and the nascar crew
0	sharknado 3 release and andrew_esqueda 's 29th birthday on the same day. coincidence...? hbd andrew!!!
0	as prince george turns two, europe marks other royal birthdays: while the second birthday of prince george may...
0	do you know what tomorrow is??? it's national hot dog day!! what jci dog are you coming to enjoy with us tomorrow??
0	tomorrow's national hot dog day and friday is national tequila day so the real question is will me and natalie make it to saturday?
0	prince george is the cutest baby. me and the girls were all "aww" at work at him and his 2nd bday. adorable.
0	sharknado's on!!! then the 2nd one! then ohhellno 3 at 9. shoulda left work early.
0	thursday is national hot dog day! send me an email and let me know: where's the best place to get a hotdog? send to: jcarterwbtv.com
0	tory is meeding with federal ndp members tomorrow morning, followed by: national hot dog day celebrations.
0	also tomorrow: mayor tory to celebrate national hot dog day. i'm told he will not be pulling a kobayashi + doing any hotdog eating contests
0	tomorrow is national hot dog day! hot diggity dog! all day tomorrow, it's buy one hot dog get one free! we...
0	thursday is national hot dog day, and just like every year we are celebrating with our own truly american combo...
0	demthrones tbgwt jon snow was spotted tues in belfast with another popular night watchman, where got is currently filming...just sayin!
0	i am so excited to watch sharknado after work tomorrow no one even gets it
0	i like fridays bc i get paid &amp; i go to dunkin in the morning &amp; get powdered doughnuts :)) but tmrw is thursday :(
0	most important news of the day national hot dog day is tomorrow. yesssssss
0	chefmatthewg just a heads up tomorrow july 23rd is national hot dog day!
0	should probably get to bed early. big day tomorrow. national hot dog day.
0	come in and celebrate national hot dog day thursday july 23rd. 50 cents each. limit 4. line forms to the right. hot dog.
0	tomorrow is national hot dog day in the states. pretty jazzed about that! perfect blend of sausage and coney sauce foodtravelchat
0	sharknado triple feature tonight...lavalantula with police academy star on saturday!!! scyfy channel is on fire!
0	come celebrate national hot dog day tomorrow with us at spsmarket and get a $1.00 off any of our hot dogs all...
0	henryjgomez people tweet a lot about svengoolie on saturday. it seems a lot like that with sharknado!
0	my mom is really lecturing me about how sharknado is such a good movie &amp; that everyone watches it which is why they came out with a 3rd one.
0	cost of running the 1st advertisement in sharknado 3 probably rivals the super bowl. nice play there, hotelsdotcom.
0	all you hnn all-stars know who i want to send a big birthday shoutout to...prince george! happy 2nd birthday, your future majesty!
0	i may or may not have just dvr'd the sharknado trilogy for saturday. can't wait to see what the hype is about. sorrynotsorry
0	2 things twitter: 1, jack daniels pairs very well with cherry juice and 2, sharknado 3 may be the greatest movie ever.
0	i have grown to love tarareid's character, april, throughout the sharknado franchise. sharknado3
0	will say its 6th, 7th, 8th and then 365th day of eid bcoz still waiting for some real eid's enjoyment and for some eidi. yhbhikoieidhui
0	i see jimmy made it into sharknado, so wnci should be hilarious tomorrow.
0	tomorrow is one of our favorite days of the year: national hot dog day! stop in for our yearly $1.50 hot dog to...
0	in other news, lavalantuala looks like the 4th greatest movie of all time. too bad it won't top sharknado 1-3. sharknado3
0	sharknadosyfy harveylevintmz tmz great movie sharknado is the best one yet.where is the audition for the 4th movie i want in.great stuff.
0	but today is one direction's 5th anniversary sharknado 3 is coming and cory tweeted about sharknado and makes me wanna cry im so emotional
0	i liked a youtube video from mamexe mike tyson: floyd mayweather lost the fight in september 12
0	thursday is national hot dog day! what would you like on yours? give us your ideas!
0	sharknado3 april lives can't wait for sharknado 4 begin the hypenado!
0	my kids look forward to the sharknado movies, because they are awesomely horrible....and we need april! aprillives
0	such a good ending to sharknado 3! you decide by twitter hashtag if april lives or dies! the answer will be...
0	mightymorph g'nite morph and god save the queen &amp; princess charlotte,, &amp; wish prince george a happy birthday 4me when you see him tomorrow
0	aprillives no sharknado without april. love a chick with a sawhand
0	anuparno3 ikalmeshh_ eid festival have only 3 days n some ppl celebrate for 2 days monday was a last day of eid
0	watching sharknado waiting for the 3rd one at 9
0	jake and i will be in sharknado 4. we may die in the first scene, but we'll be in it. hollywooddreams
0	here's a photo of prince george eating the future queen of england's hair. happy thursday. 9newsperth royals
0	royal birthday work. happy 2nd prince george from all of us across the pond. constitution park pool
0	calibraska is going to be on my phone tomorrow inssnjsnsnssn
0	tarareid i want april to live to see sharknado 4! aprillives
0	the only thing that's made me excited and happy about friday is that calibraska is released
0	really has to start watching the sharknado movies now. they'e already on 3 and announcing a 4th movie, and i have yet to see even 1 /o\
0	looking forward to ianziering other movie lavalantula this saturday. crossover with sharknado?
0	before it's too late, happy 2nd bday prince george. stay sassy.
0	this may be the best sharknado of all sharknado's ! loving sharknado3
0	sharknado 3 may have been the best one
0	tomorrow will be the best day of my life. calibraska and vidcon i've never been so happy
0	otd 23 july: (only) in the usa, national hot dog day.
0	section: "not a single day without an event" july 23 holidays children's day (indonesia) national hot dog day...
0	calibraska literally comes out tomorrow and i'm really excited to hear shallow love bc it was so good at sots
0	apparently it's national hot dog day today! may have to get some for dinner.
0	good thursday morning, weatherhounds! glad to see y'all survived the sharknado outbreak more or less intact.
0	cheap hot dogs today! thursday is national hot dog day add hyvee to the list as well!
0	i may or may not have just screamed because jack and jack release calibraska tomorrow
0	tasty tuesday: 15 hot dogs around the world for national hot dog day
0	national hot dog day with the morning team starts at 7am. tomorrow is national tequila day...but not at 7am at work.
0	bit behind the times, but sharknado may be the best thing i've ever seen. comedygold
0	yesitscolin always a good time with sharknado and twitter. plays again saturday at 7
0	july 4 is the true national hot dog day but that won't stop me from celebrating today.
0	today, thursday, is national hot dog day and vanilla ice cream day! which would you rather go with? who wants...
0	today is not only thursday ... but it's national hot dog day!
0	gloriachapa1 sorry about the sharknado 3 tweet. forgot you must wait until sat. to see it. won't say any more but think you'll enjoy it.
0	good morning pr world - wishing you a great thursday! did you know that today, july 23rd is national hot dog day?
0	yes, sharknado 4 is happening: sharknado 3 had barely premiered wednesday night before the studio annou... (time)
0	keselowski on hell no...great job in sharknado. see you in daytona in february your body guard from sr perrott. have a"lite" day brad.
0	jackjackjohnson jackgilinsky just saw a lady in a straw hat and it reminded me of how calibraska comes out tomorrow. im so proud of u guys
0	sharknado 3 comes out tomorrow and i think i'm going to cry with happiness
0	happy thursday and happy national hot dog day everyone!! what a better way to celebrate national hot dog day then...
0	ritchey_ritch not misinformation.. whoever planned national hot dog day should just know that the 4th of july is actual nhdd
0	july 23rd is national hot dog day. preparation and condiment styles vary regionally across the u.s., with mustard being the no.1 choice.
0	icymi: prince george gets a-list tweets for his 2nd b-day. we hope you shake it all the way to the throne, lil' one!
0	come celebrate eid with us on saturday at london's free festival in trafalgar square! eidldn
0	celebrate national hot dog day: thursday is national hot dog day, with some businesses offering deals in hampt...
0	july 23 is national hot dog day. here is where you can get a free hot dog today:
0	it's july 23rd--national hot dog day! celebrate with a hotdog--plain or garnished! nationalhotdogday
0	two american staples celebrated in one day! today, july 23rd, we celebrate national hot dog day as well as...
0	the national hot dog and sausage council has designated july as hot dog month. in conjunction with that, july 23rd is national hot dog day.
0	jackjackjohnson jackgilinsky omg! i can't wait calibraska is coming out tomorrow. i can't wait, to get it.
0	july 23rd is national hot dog day! come celebrate with us! blake brock will be on the deck at 6pm!
0	double up on dogs - july is national hot dog month &amp; today is national hot dog day! how do you top off your dog?
0	national hot dog day huh? i may have to hit up sonic for these $1 hot dogs
0	calibraska tomorrow i am so excited it's going to be amazing
0	so tomorrow when calibraska comes out, everyone go get it and make it go to number 1! calibraskaep
0	jackjackjohnson jackgilinsky jackandjackreal calibraska is coming out tomorrow so excited get ready for it
0	happy 2nd birthday to the royal toddler prince george! we rounded up the most adorable pics
0	cam4 hey, you didn't miss it! today, july 23rd, is national hot dog day! ;) getyourweinersonsomebuns! xoxo kit n luck
0	ok. tonight "sharknado 3", the 25th "lavantula", oh you are so lucky us friends!
0	july 23rd is national hot dog day, celebrate this day by biting into a delicious hotdog! ...
0	tomorrow's national hot dog day, f1yw1thm3. does wurstkuche count as a hot dog, marthatello1105? if so, let's go!
0	1st day after eid vacation. had a wonderful time all through. it was a bit raining in the evening, but enjoyed...
0	why is national hot dog day so close to 4th of july? isn't it the same holiday? i have eaten so many hot dogs already...
0	july 23rd is national hot dog day - a day to celebrate one of america's favorite foods, so fire up the grill and...
0	i'm so excited to spend my day tomorrow listening to calibraska and not an apology
0	it's national hot dog day! celebrate with photos of celebs eating hot dogs!: happy july 23, aka national hot dog day! no doubt you've...
0	imjennahaze hey you two, tomorrow is national hot dog day
0	today is national hot dog day. i feel that since it is also two-slice thursday, vinnyspizza594 should've had a chili cheese hot dog pizza.
0	tomorrow's national hot dog day apparently. i'm excited.
0	dbsk is the 1st kpop group i stan- even though the song that got me in to kpop was a japanese opening from my favourite anime.
0	sonic drive-in - national hot dog day - today, july 23rd - all-american or chili cheese hot dog for $1 all day
0	.tarareid april needs to be alive! sharknado wouldnt be the same without her! aprillives
0	today is national hot dog day but to me it's so much more. it's a combo of hanukkah, christmas, my birthday (sept. 1), and even 4th of july
0	tarareid i hope to see u in sharknado 4! april just gave birth to a baby inside a freaking shark! she can survive everything! aprillives
0	bad blood by kendrick lamar and taylor swift may be my guilty pleasure of the year. i wish more mainstream pop was like this.
0	july 23rd is national hot dog day, celebrate this day by biting into a delicious hotdog! foodie hotdog
0	dustinpari are you a hot dog fan, dustin? tomorrow is national hot dog day... hotdiggetydog
0	national hot dog day is tomorrow. now is your chance to grab a weiner for only $1. and we all know everyone loves cheap weiners.
0	can i just go back to june 19th and relive seeing paul mccartney
0	tomorrow is my otra date and national hot dog day, can't decide which i'm more excited for
0	did not know about national hot dog day. enjoy one with a craft brew at sun up brewing co.
0	just keep watching brock lesnar and undertaker going at it on monday. absolutely brilliant! that's what went missing in the "new era" brawl
0	now today is national hot dog day, and you can also celebrate that here! can we declare tomorrow movie theatre day?
0	i want them to amp all the way up to an 11th sharknado, then do 12th where two guys in shark costumes just reenact "my dinner with andre."
0	eid al-adha is few months away in september christianity can also jump in celebrate due to same verse from the bible
0	just watched sharknado 3 can't wait for the 4th
0	parent program celebrating naidoc &amp; eid with some painting and morning tea! lots of variety every friday morning.
0	so i notice on syfy website you can vote if april lives or dies in sharknado 4. essentially they announced shaknado 4... what a great day!
0	outfit: pink for eid - salaam, lovelies. eid mubarak.. and may you all have a blessed eid! since the last day of r...
0	news update new review update: july 23, 2015 - adam e. here with four new reviews. today is national hot dog day, ...
0	that brawl between undertaker and brock lesnar was crazy last monday on raw i want to see more
0	tomorrow during happy hour 5:30-7:00pm is the coors light jason aldean ticket giveaway, stop in to win at tin pan alley tavern 267-571-2900
0	wanna watch sharknado 3 but i've yet to see sharknado 1 or 2! so i'll watch those 2 before i watch the 3rd movie!
0	answered all requests but signing off for the night it is time for sharknado 3 oh hell no! see you all tomorrow
0	very interested in going to see jason aldean in september at dte
0	a great crowd of nearly 6,000 enjoyed national hot dog day and throwdown thursday tonight! that's a lot of hot dogs!
0	warchamp7 i could stop by dunkin tomorrow, want anything
0	calibraska is going to shoot to the top of the charts tomorrow morning, you just wait. jack and jack have come so far and i'm beyond proud.
0	i can already tell calibraska is going to be worth the 7th month wait for music jack and jack have come so far i'm so excited calibraskaep
0	told my mom i'd go to practice tomorrow but i think i might walk to dunkin once she leaves
0	from the makers of the sharknado franchise comes a new movie on saturday called lavalantula. i must see this.
0	ianziering thank you, ian, for making "sharknado" our family's new guilty pleasure!!! can't wait for the 4th! aprillives
0	when you gotta wake up early tomorrow to go to atlantic city but you know you're getting dunkin so you just chillen
0	i have a three hour car dried tomorrow and calibraska is gunna be on repeat the whole time calibraksaep
0	i want dunkin tomorrow
0	home run! ryan braun's 3-run blast puts the brewers on the board in the 9th. it's now d'backs 8, brewers 3. no outs. milvsari
0	s/o to ryan braun for that 3 run shot in the 9th! i just won 1st place in both my draft king's tournament. turned 1.25 into 175$. easyyyy.
0	calibraska released for the 1st time 4hrs ago now it's out everywhere and 1 on the itunes charts so proud of jackjackjohnson jackgilinsky
0	100% sure i'll have the lyrics to every song on calibraska memorized by tomorrow
0	just woke up and calibraska is already 16th in the uk! i need to buy it asap
0	wishes this happy occasion on eid, a very happy eid mubarak!" may allah bring you joy, happiness, peace &amp;...
0	ten sports , brock lesnar is win the fight.because he diserved it. "believe that"raw sunday dhamal
0	in sha allah this sunday myl_uk and mylsistersuk will be at the eid in the park in glasgow. promoting the fantastic work of tahirulqadri
0	calibraska is 6th on the carts in australia im so proud!!!!! calibraskaep jackjackjohnson jackgilinsky
0	paulbmcgill btw. if its ok. i mayb in touch 4 my kelloggs. meetin dinz n 10th 2 sort it, bt shuld b deer n eid, velvet-chain, oppertunities
0	just a few hours ago calibraska was 17th in italy, and now it's 6th omg!!! calibraskaep jack and jack are so talented!!
0	happy friday! just because national hot dog day is over doesn't mean you cant still have hot dog recipe fun with...
0	50 years since the release of one of the greatest songs of the '60s: "like a rolling stone." bobdylan anniversary
0	i'll have all the lyrics to calibraska memorized by tomorrow i kid you not calibraskaep jackgilinsky jackjackjohnson
0	i'll make my friends listening to calibraska when i back to school on monday calibraskaep
0	this morning there was no traffic and the person in front of me at dunkin paid for my drink :) happy friday!!
0	nyc baseball fans upgrade hot dogs to avodogs: in celebration of national hot dog day on july 23, the peruvian...
0	do you remember that time chris farley interviewed paul mccartney on snl? that was pretty cool.
0	nicolamdavidson then you're set for a sharknado. tomorrow syfy channel is showing all 3 back to back. i may need to stock up.
0	delong_sheila disclaimer: some music may cause high bp spikes, i showed up to my dr appt with a bp of 180/190 after rocking to nirvana ;)
0	10 randy orton rko's 1st one is the best one dflowerb0mb
0	george is live tweeting during the premiere of sharknado 3 tomorrow! join in!
0	had the best idea for a hulk hogan photoshop. i really hope nobody else has the same idea by the time i finish work tomorrow.
0	'wrong one' is probably my favourite in calibraska because dublin is mentioned in it ?? calibraskaep i can't wait to see them in november!
0	46 yr old vet serafim todorov, the last man to beat floyd mayweather, makes his return to the ring on sun. will fight on card in bulgaria
0	imasillypirate triadvstrinity davidhasselhoff he's in sharknado man, we may as well get him to swim the ball back to me! well played hoff
0	my boy just peeked over my shoulder and said "funk flex &amp; hulk hogan are trending, aren't they the same person?" that was a good one, c'mon!
0	seeing everyone's posts at the mid state fair getting for jason aldean is making me so excited for tomorrow :)
0	prettybaby69 are you going to watch lavalantula tomorrow night on syfy? looks pretty good. has some big shoes to fill because of sharknado.
0	boom!!! solo shot for miketrout right over josh hamilton's head!! his 29th of the season tying pujolsfive for the mlb lead! 1-0 angels !
0	ryan braun breaking with an oppo shot to right to break up the scoreless tie in the 6th. he's been impressive as of late.
0	it's 4.33am, i can't sleep. just bought two pairs of sun glasses online n caught up on hulk hogan news. livin the dream...
0	hulk hogan you did nothing wrong! i work a black man. we call each other nigga all the time. he may be my...
0	i can't wait to go to the angel game tomorrow vs. the rangers and talk shit to josh hamilton
0	hulkhogan i'm not offended by whatever you may have said. i respect you and remain a hulk hogan fan. you're much bigger than the wwe.
0	my brother's reaction to the end of sharknado may be the single greatest thing i have ever witnessed. epic
0	listening to calibraska for probably the 17th time today :)) calibraskaep jackjackjohnson jackgilinsky
0	bbcradio2 rocking_bob bought my 1st ever single at woolies. 99p iron maiden, number of the beast. still got it.
0	my youtube review of the new hulk hogan dvd has 30 views already and people commenting i may have a collector's item on my hands :)
0	presenting the 5th annual eid family fun day. see me perform an lots more from 10:30-7pm 26/7/15 address tw4 5hu
0	2 world exclusives happened on zeecompanion last night! rpt mon at 9am! now off to 'eid in the square' w/ zeetv :)
0	hyunseunghips ah really? thankyou~ not yet, maybe bcs long holiday for eid.. may i know the tracking number for the polaroid? ^^
0	dunkin &amp; buffy the vampire slayer with fernnr5 i think today is going to be a good saturday.
0	themetalcore can't wait for them both! september is equally impressive with ffdp, iron maiden, slayer, bmth, and parkway drive! \m/
0	i am going to take a sign to raw on monday that says "hulk hogan is my nigga." beliedat
0	monday's booksbeneaththebridge bklynbrdgpark is hosted by communitybkstr, discussing to kill a mockingbird and watchman. don't miss it!
0	aprillives because the gorgeous tarareid is the franchise player! aliens has ripley, sharknado has april!! sharknado3
0	jackjackjohnson jackgilinsky i'm so excited for the august 8th chicago show and to hear calibraska live oh my goodness
0	i like that there's no messing around in sharknado, just action. you don't even have to wait 10 mins for the 1st sharky sequence! ohhellno
0	did you miss our bogo deal on national hot dog day? have no fear, we are doing it again!!! on friday, july 31st...
0	prince george turns two! "we are mildly amused,' the young prince was quoted as saying upon 1st cake-nibble. dn
0	national hot dog day, national tequila day, then national dance day... sounds like a friday night.
0	madison bumgarner just hit a bomb. his 3rd homer of the season. other people with 3 this season: matt holliday josh hamilton jon luccroy
0	hulk hogan overheard the news of back in black's 25th anniversary and did a double take to ensure it wasn't another leaked sex tape of his.
0	it's time for sharknado 3. we know how to live it up on saturday night.
0	i like sharknado but i don't like the april character
0	i just saw floyd mayweather at the fashion show &amp; i was like "love you money may!" &amp; he's like "thanks i appreciate you" lol
0	hanging with my monsters on a saturday night watching sharknado ! they love it ! sharknado3
0	glad to attend sat afternoon at eid festivities in regina's candycanepark + tonight at pakistan-cda cultural assoc eid dinner!
0	bout to see ant-man, hope it's good!!! i'll report back tomorrow!
0	can it just be 5:30 tomorrow evening already because ant-man will be over by then and the post credits will begin
0	will someone go see ant-man with me tomorrow? i'm dying to see it
0	swapped out broken franken-part in my car, saw ant-man with family, took a nap, wrote for a bit, ate ice cream. saturday: victorious.
0	who's going to eid fest tomorrow
0	i hope tomorrow is a better effing day! drift nirvana better be lit
0	talyhawk i like it here. a couple beers deep, i'm rockin' like the rest. it's good stuff. female iron maiden cover band here next friday.
0	sure, ant-man is a cool film, but make sure you know all your movie options. ... (vine by saturday night vine)
0	josh hamilton tormented the angels friday in return to anaheim (2-for-4). didn't start saturday, but pinch hit and scored the winning run.
0	kenny chesney and jason aldean concert tonight and us open tomorrow... guess you can say it was an ok weekend
0	i reached nirvana. walking back from camping on a sunny sunday morning listening to some good music. can't beat it.
0	john_fogerty got john fogerty concert ticket for my birthday. looking forward to the concert tomorrow night(july26) in prince george bc
0	ima just go catch a matinee of ant-man by myself tomorrow lol
0	ant-man feels like a rough 1st draft of the marvel universe (namely iron man) which it probably was, considering it's where it all started.
0	watched ant-man for the 3rd time for free, technically because it's with family. :)))
0	it's another sunday with perfect cinema weather, so head down for inside out and ant-man worthing book at
0	absolute 90s just won sunday by playing the nirvana ntv unplugged cover of the man who sold the world. helped my catastrophic hangover.
0	tomorrow is monday. do...do...do...do....do....do...it's just... another day by paul mccartney via youtube
0	loubrutus myfavealbums -p'way drive atlas, ufo strangers in the night, iron maiden 1st, mach head ashes of empires, ufo strangers in night
0	i love real friends and ptv and taking back sunday and fiatc and neck deep and knuckle puck and ymas and tonight alive and nirvana and
0	congrats to disney for managing to keep ant-man as the 1 movie for a 2nd weekend with a paltry $24.7 million take. boxoffice
0	go and check out calibraska!! (warning: may or may not burn down your house from how fire it is.) calibraskaep
0	tenebrae2012 so liquid_galaxy just told us that he watched sharknado 3 on friday and that they are making a fourth one! \o/ =))
0	tomorrow on onpointradio, ohio gov john kasich, one of the 16 republicans running for president. on point airs weekdays, 10am-noon on wyso.
0	3rd time. antman with friends ( rogers 18 theater for ant-man in rogers, mn)
0	looks like ant-man is gonna hit 1 for the 2nd straight weekend. not to mention, also pass the $100 million mark. not too shabby........
0	goodluck jonathan may have managed the fight against boko haram terribly (as did yar'adua) but it wasn't deliberate
0	i feel so enlightened. what do i do with my life now. i may have reached nirvana.
0	this just in: prince george is just like every other two year old, surprise!
0	ant-man was brilliant. inside out was spectacular. what a great year for movies so far. loved today, just sat in the cinema!
0	ant-man, edge of tomorrow, inside out, inglourious basterds and obvious child (my favourite of the week) myweekinmovies
0	heather &amp; steve: we're waking up your workday tomorrow with dunkin' donuts! tell us where you'll be between 10a &amp;...
0	very excited to see ant-man tomorrow but after i've seen it, i will have seen all mcu films this yearaka i have to wait 9 months for another
0	nothing like finishing the last day back to work with friday's, and ant-man.
0	you know you go to dunkin' donuts too much when the worker there says see you tomorrow 99centicedcoffee
0	ant-man may have cliched and formulaic structure, but it's a whole lot of fun. the final 40 mins is superb.
0	looking forward to going on 610cktb tomorrow morning at 7:50 am to chat damage control for the iconic hulk hogan.
0	finally getting a chance to watch sharknado 3. i liked the 1st one a lot and loved the 2nd one, so i've really been looking forward to it.
0	danny_dickblood ant-man was 1 for the 2nd straight week domestically. never has this been more apropos.
0	if tickets are still on sale next paycheck, somebody needs to come see zac brown band at the nationals stadium on the 14th jekyllnhydetour
0	star&gt;box office:ant-man stomps on the competition for 2nd weekend at 1:marvel studios' ant-man was 1 at t... actors
0	oh my god, sharknado in space! this is even cooler the 2nd time! sharknado3
0	saw ant-man tonight with friends. my 3rd time. fun.
0	erix0x now we want dunkin' donuts for breakfast. we may just have to get those tomorrow morning. thanks for the (unintentional) suggestion!
0	going to get drunk and watch the badness that is sharknado 3. this is going to be a good sunday night.
0	todaysjoke prince george's 2nd birthday, official photos have been released. the suns show the queen pointing to balloons on the walls!
0	was crying, but then i remembered that i'm going to see paper towns tomorrow night with seren woohoo!!!
0	going to the movies tomorrow to watch southpaw, paper towns, train wreck and then ant-man again.
0	nothing like a bit of iron maiden to get you going on a monday morning
0	mabasalamah w assalaam. it was my 1st eid away from family. i hope you had a nice eid and all family are good. happy eid to you too. thanks
0	think i may have fallen in love with cassiescerbo only 30 minutes into sharknado 1 ha.
0	best part of ant-man is how hank pym's treasured photo of his wife covers up her actual face with a large sun hat.
0	"ant-man" tops north american box office: marvel action flick "ant-man" stayed atop the us box office sunday, ...
0	maybe iron maiden can take the hint...we love our metal!!
0	i was at eid in the park, an event hosted by the ark from glasgow on sunday. fantastic day, thanks to all involved!
0	hulk hogan's twitter feed just brightened up monday morning
0	last saturday i went to see paper towns, and this thursday i'm going to see it again with my friends haha really good job nat! natandalex
0	i'm sat at work just laughing at all these hulk hogan tweets. hahha ffs
0	the hulk hogan carry on has cheered this monday up no end. in bits here at the back of a bus. comedygold
0	heymanhustle bring the beast of brock lesnar on monday night raw
0	slybibliomaniac yeah, on friday i went and saw two movies people bitch about - ant-man and minions. i had a good time! hatersgonnahate
0	the top 5 marvel cinematic universe films of phase 1 and phase 2: with the release of ant-man, phase 2 of mar...
0	monday is my favorite day of the week because you can get any size iced coffee for $1 at dunkin
0	even though the undertaker may be old he's the only superstar in the current roaster that can stand up to brock lesnar!!! deadmanwalking
0	hey it's monday! which means monday night raw tonight! which means the undertaker &amp; brock lesnar!!
0	okay, i forgive the makers of ant-man for omitting jan pym. it's a funny, exciting, heist film with a lot of honor to dads. go see it.
0	tomlennon iamsteadman probablydrunk i'm a dumb, the missus booked a sofa at the electric tomorrow for ant-man. fancy it tomorrow?
0	the most exciting part of paper towns was the instrumental version of fourth of july by fall out boy that played in the middle of the movie
0	monday the 27th of july the day dean ambrose fans were happy as hell over finally getting the lockdown trailer.
0	tickets to see ant-man with hannak108 and thelostlaurens this friday! looking forward to it, heard such mixed reactions to the film
0	k-fest vancouver is go! saturday september 5th on ubc campus! my dream come true, join the event page here kpop fans
0	i didn't know dean ambrose can act but 12rounds3lockdown looks amazing can't wait to see it in september
0	we will be highlight our guests every monday for cmx2015 and we are kicking it off with sara moni! with ant-man...
0	hope i see my champ d best in d wwe mr rko randy orton on wwe monday raw tonight
0	wallofcow the box office won't measure the impact paper towns has had. i saw it again sunday and it holds up over time ;)
0	hopefully y'all is still doing the vote for april thingy on sharknado! aprildies
0	trying to think what i'm gonna do when i see paul mccartney on friday and so far it's either cry or faint or both
0	i'm just waiting for floyd mayweather to announce that he fighting september 11th !!!!! i'm waiting to book his shit !!!
0	coyjandreau themattkey sizzlerkistler just watched the show. great show. couldn't agree it's about ant-man. see ya thursday
0	with all of the hulk hogan controversy i hope monday night raw is redeeming tonight!
0	jason aldean jason_aldean epic night this past saturday at the rosebowlstadium. thank you pasadena!!!!...
0	monday night raw!!!! time to play the game and hopefully brock lesnar will rest in tombstone city
0	as long as triple h,john cena, and brock lesnar are still in the wwe i got no shame in watching the occasional monday night raw
0	i'll end the streak of bad movies tomorrow when i go to ant-man again
0	if i can finish this final tonight, i'll be able to finally see ant-man tomorrow after work.
0	just saw the trailer for 12 rounds with dean ambrose. yeah that september 11th is going to be good.
0	i think the best stan lee cameo may be in ant-man. it had me laughing hard.
0	the 15 seconds of fame ansel gets in paper towns may have been the best part....
0	i've decided to record the new comically on the history of ant-man a day early...i may even have it ready for release tomorrow.
0	escape the room this weekend, 3rd row phillies next weekend, jason aldean aug 15 if i can win tickets! birthdaymonth
0	dtn pakistan: eid frenzy finally over: islamabad though the official eid holidays were over on last wednesday,...
0	loved the today show peeps on 3rd installment of "sharknado"!! todayshow sharknadofans
0	my cousin snapchatted me "ant-man tomorrow. you good?" and these are the reasons we get along so well.
0	9ratna_9 told you because you said "generally 15 august comes near eid week". it happens for only 2 years after every 30 years. :)
0	probably gonna watch paper towns next tuesday since i have to go somewhere and the ticket is half price ^^
0	can't overstate the importance of kris bryant's walk-off hr after being swept over the weekend and blowing a 3r lead in the 9th tonight.
0	so, kris bryant's hr not only may have saved the cubs season, but may have unofficially led to this tulo blockbuster.
0	kris bryant will make october 7th come faster don't worry everyone.
0	sick!"sportscenter: have a night, kris bryant! watch the cubs rookie hit his 1st career walk-off home run. sctop10
0	sultan will release on eid. shoot starts in november and ll wrap in march.there r no plans to shift the release date "- yrf spokesperson
0	still hyped rn! kris bryant is my favorite player, he got his 1st walk off homer, the cubs got an important w and are staying in the hunt
0	i attended tulo's final game in a rockies uniform tonight. and witnessed a kris bryant walk-off homer. not a bad monday.
0	1st day training taylor swift for her mv "bad blood". she was a sweetheart and picked up quick!
0	kris bryant may have saved the season with 1 swing of the bat. early but that was huge in stopping a pyroclastic flow of inadequacy. cubs
0	report"austynzogs: president buhari will visit cameroun on wednesday. he will hold talks with president biya on the issue of boko haram"
0	i want to go see twenty one pilots give me a sunday lolla ticket. and a friday one for paul mccartney
0	so.. finally saw annaakana in ant-man, i thin i may have zoned out starin at her tho cuz i remember nothing the guy said except "yes"
0	going to see paper towns tonight or tomorrow night!! woohoo i can't wait!!! thanks for writing the book johngreen
0	i just won the sickest game of the show in 19 innings cause ryan braun is a stud, home run in the 9th to tie then a homer in the 19th to win
0	just found myself googling 'ant man quantum realm reflection'. i may be thinking about ant-man too much. it is ace though.
0	up before the sun today, ready for the week of festivities ahead in prince george. wedding bestfriend
0	wednesday is movie day! we recently saw ant-man, southpaw and amy (the amy winehouse documentary). what have...
0	been watching 'montage of heck' and liking it a lot, love to map his march to being an artist and nirvana becoming great..
0	domino's song of the day for tuesday july 28th is: zac brown band - chicken fried. listen for it sometime between...
0	kris bryant may be one of my favorite ball players all-time when it's said and done.
0	about last night: kris bryant wins a wild one with walk-off home run in the 9th. cubs photos:
0	nuevo dj sergio ! nirvana! this friday! legendary max torres! isis the voice! and dj sergio! with the best of the...
0	hulk hogan with a homophobic slur now? can't wait to hear the "hitler had it right" clip that'll play tomorrow.
0	don't miss the town hall with presidential candidate john kasich on july 31st, for click for details kasich4america
0	bad blood is 1 at pop radio for the 6th consecutive week!!
0	people may not like him, but you have to respect john cena wrestling against seth rollins last night despite breaking his nose in the match.
0	ant-man is one of the funniest marvel movies we've watched. check out our spoiler free review!
0	off to see paper towns with my love! also, don't forget the rhcp 18 marathon is this thursday on wbwc.
0	i watched sharknado 3: oh hell no! today and it was really really awesome! better than 2nd, better or on par with 1st. the hoff on the moon!
0	5 days off now! bit of golf on the agenda and a few other bits. looking forward to watching marvel's ant-man on thursday too!
0	vickiesmalley hoping to see ant-man tomorrow night at the everyman in reigate... apparently it's been refurbished and is pretty good,
0	so excited for lolla friday because so many amazing bands will be there oh and someone named paul mccartney??? idk if he'll be good tho
0	friday! how can you argue with 5 beautiful women who sound this good playing iron maiden!
0	to kpop fans, we song along to vocals, 2nd voices, raps, fanchants, do the instruments &amp; even perform its own choreo
0	proper geeking out today; ant-man was so good and under the dome till i sleep, mate im gonna be dead tomorrow
0	evangelinelilly so i'm a bit late but i watched ant-man. it was amazing and great job! can't wait for the 2nd one!
0	why it's great to go see ant-man in imax (or any movie, really), at the tuesday late night showing.
0	29 march 1987 - wrestlemania iii-93,173 watch hulk hogan beat andre the giant.
0	heroesincolor00 you definitely aren't, ant-man was my 2nd favorite phase 2 flick right after winter soldier
0	happy birthday austinbpeacock. may your day be filled with everything kris bryant and alfonso soriono
0	cmshehbaz happy eid greetings to you too, may allah bless you
0	evelovelock1 hi eve, i hope you enjoyed ant-man! saverday tuesday is all day &amp; prices can be found here in future:
0	dang! watch paper towns for the 3rd time
0	rainy weekend helps power surging uk box-office, as disney scores double with inside out and ant-man at 1 and 2:
0	many blessings lately: &amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;got out to the theater last saturday to see ant-man . not only
0	ant-man: screening: sat &amp; sun 1.00pm super tue 6.00pm armed with the astonishing ability...
0	this friday! you don't want to miss this high energy and unique set of iron maiden and judas priest!
0	at 12:00 am - hey yakub, happy birthday... may god give you a long life *awkward silence*
0	cool for the summer good for you lean on bad blood see you again
0	taimour_aga dear taimouraga, thank you for contacting. apologies for the late reply. yes the centers were open at the 4th day of eid.
0	tomorrow is the last day to see ant-man so mission: impossible rogue nation can begin friday, july 31st. to see...
0	ant-man is here through the 30th!! antman summer
0	still really want to see ant-man, hopefully tonight or tomorrow.
0	he's a handsome devil, isn't he? catch him in ant-man, screening for the last time tomorrow!
0	charles gets the grandkids into gardening: he may be only two years old but it seems prince george's grandfath...
0	no work for the rest of the week means ant-man tomorrow morning, followed by a trip to the comic shop, and much lazing about.
0	mariedjones think sharknado is on netflix. while being a veggie today i may look for it. :)
0	top 5 best new moto g phone cases: if you're looking for a phone case for your new moto g (3rd gen), here are ...
0	heeeeey 101wkqx and sabra, i would love to see the great sir paul mccartney on friday at lolla!! spreadtheworld
0	michaelbdiamond jorgesoler68 cubsjoemadd cubs september sounds good... 9/26 is kris bryant bobblehead day, could be a good one!
0	ohhhhh, do i see mi:5 or ant-man on friday at the cinema... hmmmm.
0	officially going to the kenny chesney, jason aldean, brantley gilbert, and cole swindal concert on saturday!! excited beyond words!!
0	it's official: finally get to go see ant-man tomorrow!! first real day off in 2 months!! so stoked- no spoilers, marvel nation!!
0	might just have to hit up monday night raw because brock lesnar is going to be there.
0	also tomorrow on you'll find my review of ant-man. that's right bitches, i actually saw a new film at the cinema!
0	get paid on friday and all i can think about wanting to do is go to the cinema to watch ant-man, too many good looking films coming out
0	vegas sept 12 floyd mayweather undercard. make sure you there!!
0	thepaddymcb fair enough. unrelated, think i may go see ant-man again tomorrow if you're interested.
0	and like all those left behind by the 257 people he helped kill, hope yakub's daughter finds peace &amp; a better world. she turns 21 tomorrow.
0	i just saw paper towns today and i kinda wanna go see it again tomorrow
0	sardesairajdeep tomorrow is yakub's daughter's 21st birthday. hope she will have a better tomorrow.
0	michael douglas may not be coming back for another marvel film...he did so good in ant-man though
0	yooooo i'm taking all of the donuts dunkin has tomorrow. free inhabitant yo
0	anyone wanna see jason aldean with me on the today show on friday?? cristina won't go
0	hats off to dupreme court who sat till early morning n did not allow attempt to postpone the hanging of yakub.
0	happy birthday yakub, may god make you human next time..
0	alexisgraboski oh sweet! i'm going on friday, me and my lady are gonna be at the main stage waiting paul mccartney pretty much all day haha
0	i really sat through, and watched bad blood music video, becos i found out my gf was in it.
0	nirvana and whiskey it's a wednesday night get wit me
0	prince george playing in his magical playground may be the cutest thing we can ever imagine
0	i have tomorrow off so it's friday to me! "what will you do with your day off, kev?" thanks for asking. i'll go see ant-man.
0	london, july 28 (reuters) - british finance minister george osborne has appointed economist gertjan vlieghe to serve on the bank of
0	awww sooo true the 1st comment wondergirls are special and gem of kpop!! reboot ifeelyou
0	i had a really great time watching ant-man, reminded me of the 1st time watching iron man , where the character tries to learn who he is
0	happy almost weekend! celebrate your thursday with a nice cold chocolate nirvana at $1 off!
0	july 23 was national hot dog day. i'm all for celebrating but is this taking it too far?
0	tonight come out for our wxtu promo! 7-8:30 you can win (2) tickets to see jason aldean on august 15th 2015!...
0	2) asking for a friend who is going to lolla for paul mccartney tomorrow. yes, me. fingerscrossed
0	seattle's best iron maiden tribute band maiden seattle plays the blue moon on august 8th with schudge and...
0	it may cost more, but the new motorolauk moto g is still a damn fine smartphone. full review:
0	last day for ant-man! mission impossible rogue nation opens fri! i am so impressed with this movie! don't miss it!
0	5th day in! i have lost the 1 kg i gained during eid (that i had lost during ramadan) 9 more to go! i have...
0	the new moto g may be the best budget phone... again. news technews
0	holy shit holy shit holy shit just found out i'm gonna see paul mccartney tomorrow!!!!!!!!!
0	also may have purchased a brock lesnar and a bray wyatt shirt for my trip to summerslam. it's the day before payday &amp; i still have money!
0	prince george's latest outing at the beach may be his cutest one yet!
0	hi gracerandolph how the editing of your new marvel video coming along? up tomorrow ? waiting to watch it. ant-man opens here tomorrow
0	chuck norris &amp; cloth diapers - a thursday afternoon can't get better than that! (oh wait, maybe it could if some...
0	paul mccartney's 70th birthday is tomorrow. we must get it to trend! :)
0	saw paper towns on saturday! pretty sweet movie - love the casting!
0	josh hamilton ties this sucker up 3-3! smashes his 4th homer of the season.
0	update: boss texted me to ask if i read the rolling stone article about gcjr's upcoming album wow gonna cry when he retires in december
0	it's crazy how i swore up &amp; down that "ant-man" would stink but i'm excited to see it a 2nd time.
0	"may you all have a happy eid , love you all
0	paper towns is one of my favorite books and tomorrow i'm going to the movie with one of my favorite people. sarayrojas7
0	hope everyone checks out rusty's rockfeast: backstage with the zac brown band on fyi thursday's at 10p!
0	are you guys ready for brock lesnar to return on monday night raw?!?! too bad i already wore his shirt last monday. i gotta wash it soon.
0	kris bryant's sac fly brings home starlin castro to make it 4-2 cubs in the 9th inning! cubstalk
0	i just finished reading paper towns last night, and 9 is going to a sleepover tomorrow, so somehow i talked j into seeing the movie tomorrow
0	well, i've started reading paper towns. which is great, because i'll have something to talk about in social studies tomorrow morning.
0	lol paul mccartney tomorrow, definitely don't believe it still
0	im going to the kenny chesney and jason aldean concert this saturday!! fuckkk yeahssss
0	can't wait to see paper towns tomorrow with lorrainebunch
0	rangers the unbeatable andrew miller...blows up in the 9th! josh hamilton walks it off with a 2 out knock..yankees lose
0	cinemasins andysignore both of you, get started with your honest trailer and eww for ant-man. you have until next tuesday to do it! :d
0	as cool as it would be to see the weekend tomorrow it's impossible to skip out on paul mccartney
0	had no plans of seeing paper towns, but love caradelevingne. may look into it.
0	today i purchase my new smart phone moto g 3rd generation... it is very nice looking and water proof ..
0	if you want to buy a new phone, go for moto g (3rd gen) now to get exciting offers. motog
0	okay for sure going to go watch southpaw and paper towns tomorrow
0	hopes 4 the film version: john green's paper towns looking forward to seeing advancescreening of paper towns tomorrow
0	might as well go see ant-man for the 4th time again since its release..
0	seeing ant-man on monday, finally. 9pm showing, so i'll be useless the next day. and i don't care.
0	xee_moonflower on the 11th, or as i like to call, the day the chosen one was born, and by chosen one i mean hulk hogan
0	gonna watch paper towns for the second time on monday
0	hey happy friday!!! today t&amp;p will be giving away a pair of tickets to the zac brown band's august 7th show at...
0	srsly tho, there has never ever been a pic in kpop that made same impact on me - 1st time seeing it - as this cover
0	sat on the beach blasting out calibraska dope
0	jason aldean concert while working from home, i'd say it's a good friday! jasonaldeantoday
0	loving friday with jason aldean on today! jasonaldeantoday
0	i want to see brock lesnar f-5 david cameron this november. whaddaya think, heymanhustle?
0	rondarousey set of skills. skills that may make me a pleasure for a woman like you. i won't go floyd mayweather on you but i will fornicate
0	marvel's ant-man is in cinemas this weekend and we have goodies to giveaway. see witnesskzn tomorrow (august 1) for all the deets
0	go through the best flip covers and back covers available for moto g 3rd gen motorola smartphones motog3rdgen
0	bad blood now has more than 400m views,it's selena's 1st feature to reach this and cagi is coming
0	the best cgi in ant-man isn't the ant scenes. it's that 1st scene with michael douglas' face. smhowzow
0	icymi: the new ya coming of age story paper towns may be a tad cliche but it finishes strong and boasts a good cast
0	rolling stone says blister in the sun and the rest of the violent femmes debut album "exploded like an over-ripe...
0	jacksters26 probably see ant-man at the cinema tomorrow. ) i hope you enjoy your tea, i'm certain you will. x
0	jake, jen and i will be running 6 miles from dunkin tomorrow , come join the fun if you're ready to work. coach j nomoreexcuses
0	great article in rolling stone on rod picott. check it out! i'll be interviewing rod on the august 9th episode...
0	the sunday daily the rock: hulk hogan's paid the price for racist rant: dwayne 'the rock' johnson (pix)... prkdr
0	finally going to see ant-man tonight, then off to see rogue nation either tomorrow or sunday. looking forward to both.
0	so excited to see an early release of paper towns tomorrow and also inside out! be a great day cineworld unlimitedcard
0	ant-man is getting good reviews, might have to go watch it sunday night
0	fabreciass i had high expectactions when i watched because everyone was hyping it so much, i knew ant-man would be good after 1st trailer
0	july 31 2015 the man that carried hulk hogan to be a star. piper was the best talker in the business
0	sroarke_nhl i recall an insane 80s friday night wwf classic where he hobbled with crutches into another match to "help" rival hulk hogan.
0	there may or may not be real tears when paul mccartney takes the stage
0	i liked a youtube video stephanie mcmahon, batista and randy orton argue about wrestlemania: raw, march 24,
0	"may i be excused?" "to do what?" "so i can watch sharknado?" "... thank you for being honest." my 11-year-old sister is cooler than me.
0	snap!: ant-man even with this being my 2nd time seeing it, ant-man still blew me away. best solo marvel film yet. truth
0	seeing ant-man for the 2nd time ( amc north point mall 12 - amctheatres for ant-man in alpharetta, ga)
0	is there anyone out there that wants to go with me to the kenny chesney jason aldean concert tomorrow for free!?!?!?
0	paul mccartney you are amazing but tiredness beats out everything. see you tomorrow lollapalooza.
0	just updated my ipod with 20 new songs (pentatonix, cascada, zac brown band &amp; big bang). inspirational stuff. hope it'll help for tomorrow.
0	no better way to end the night than with paul mccartney. until tomorrow! goodnightlolla lollapalooza
0	lithium may just be my favorite nirvana song oat
0	braxwolf we're going to see ant-man tomorrow. i figured it would seem even better in comparison after watching this. :)
0	friday random ten: revisiting the rolling stone 500 greatest songs list, part 6: it's a good song ... reggaenews
0	you can sell your soul to the devil but your ass belongs to brock lesnar..heymanhustle...may just be the greatest ever to pick up a mic
0	seeing paul mccartney sing blackbird live tonight may or may not be the highlight of my life so far
0	a3: this was probably a long time ago. insurgent maybe? and meh. i am going to see paper towns on sunday though! rqwn
0	motorola appears to have got it right yet again, for the 3rd time, with the moto g, gen. 3
0	1st day of lolla - amazing. paul mccartney floored me. not sure any moment in my life will match let it be live.
0	paul mccartney playing as the sun sets in chicago was definitely one of the most beautiful things i've ever witnessed ok
0	paul mccartney did not disappoint the 4th time. legendofmusic
0	fcfilmmedia moto g (3rd generation) : a perfect smartphone: moto g, the most liking brand name by youth, comi...
0	saturday movie reviews: "ant-man" is fun &amp; light while "woman in gold" is tugs at the heart
0	that was a day..... paul mccartney may be the best lolla set i've ever seen
0	might just have to go see ant-man tomorrow
0	won king of the ring 2nd place and i got randy orton card.
0	the book of souls sounds like it's going to be everything we love about iron maiden. can't wait for sept 4th!
0	the price creep is real, but the 3rd generation motorola moto g is a huge step forward
0	since 2013 danny valencia is the 21st best hitter vs lhp in baseball, tied with ryan braun. better than adrian beltre. bennissnet
0	after monday's match against seth rollins, john cena has officially earned my respect. wrestling with a broken nose. just... wow!!!
0	'rowdy' roddy piper, wrestler known for rivalry with hulk hogan, dies at 61 - washington post: chicago sun-tim...
0	i was internally screaming when i heard the intro to fourth of july in paper towns
0	tarareid never had a need for twitter. then sharknado made the public responsible for april's life. hope to see you in sharknado 4.
0	paid my bills, bought some groceries, did a bit of price-shopping on some clothes, and bought my ticket for ant-man later tonight. saturday
0	sharknado 3 may have just slid its way into my top 5 movies
0	was going to wait and start "go set a watchman" on the plane tomorrow, but i don't think i can wait that long.
0	absoluteradio can you play some iron maiden for me while i'm stuck at work on a saturday night!
0	lavalantula is genuinely better than pixels. i have laughed so may more times and not at it but with it. the guy from sharknado showed up
0	surlynursejoy new iron maiden album on the 4th of september~ has their longest eversong on it, which is why that reminded me.
0	it's the first of august and started off good with ant-man.
0	misswhit83 if you were told you were going to lose to floyd mayweather in the 5th round you'd be rightly concerned about the first 4 rounds
0	charlesheffer probs my 3rd fav old band, u2, vu and ja. the smiths 4th. nirvana in there too if you can count them
0	honestly, i'm liking kendrick's "bad blood" verses a lot more now. may be able to elevate the song to being really good to me.
0	spent the last hour listening to van halen, can't believe i've not listened before! tomorrow it will be iron maiden. holiday tunes sorted.
0	xfilesnews doing a xf3dayhiatus watch over the weekend! sat bad blood, sun arcadia, mon pmp all at 8pm est - join in the fun!
0	i would say, ant-man is probably my favorite movie of the year so far with mi: rogue nation at a very close 2nd
0	totally worth watching nirvana's 1st interview w/ mtv, if only for kristnovoselic's banter towards the end.
0	someone go see zac brown band with me september 12!!
0	good article on the ins and outs of josh hamilton's contract.rsm337
0	i'm going to knock 4 bands off my concert bucket list this thursday, but metallica, iron maiden and a7x are still at the top
0	catching up on wwe for the week thanks to the saturday night reruns. seth rollins is underappreciated.
0	mistah_whiskahs jcynda bradisinnewyork saw my 1st concert in 91 acdc then saw nirvana at the big day out wow still remember likeyesterday
0	it's the saturday of a long weekend and i'm at home watching sharknado. this is my new life.
0	the fact that bailey is bringing dunkin into work tomorrow, is the only thing keeping me motivated to wake up in the morning.
0	i feel like brock lesnar may be the only boyfriend that's safe dating rousey.
0	everyone needs to watch the live streamed sir paul mccartney set lollapalooza is showcasing tomorrow night. can't wait to reminisce.
0	floyd mayweather may be greatest boxer in the world right now but ronda rousey is the greatest fighter in the world
0	who wants to go see ant-man tomorrow? i believe it's a film about a man who's imbued with all the powers of a guy named anthony.
0	watched ant-man for the 2nd time today, and thought of 2 more reasons to see it again: to catch the easter eggs and catalog its britishisms.
0	new blog, nice conversations with friends (both staying in the deepest pits of hell) and going to see paper towns tomorrow. good shit.
0	moto g (3rd gen.) truly signifies what a life long friendship is all about :) motobffrevealed motorolaindia
0	josh hamilton hit a 2 run bomb in the top of the 10th and rangers fans probably thought it was over lmao
0	we will defeat boko haram by the end of this year-buhari: speaking in cotonou on saturday during a gala lunch ...
0	unexpected development-- saw ant-man on saturday night in london. it was surprisingly charming. i actually quite enjoyed it.
0	oh look. there's twrp for the moto g 3rd gen already.
0	kp_85 yesimprovisers motorolaindia enjoy the vibes with moto g (3rd gen.) motobffrevealed
0	great op-ed on millennials hardship vs baby boomer nirvana - let's give all the op-ed writers a trophy! woeisme
0	a tribute to rowdy roddy piper and the return of brock lesnar. it all happens tomorrow! raw
0	deshobhaa loved the way the debate on yakub's hanging was ended by you. "we the people" today was thought provoking
0	thinking about zac brown band and the_handle_bar ? well "keep me on mind" for a zbb ride 5pm thursday at fenway!
0	"may allaah protect all the muslims wherever they are.""ameen yaallah"
0	going to see ant-man today for the sunday matinee, just need to put the roast beef in the crockpot and i'm good to go! :d
0	xtu will be in the house this thursday night giving away jason aldean tickets!
0	heroes! well, almost. these four lucky residents scored gigs in 'ant-man.' check out the story tomorrow!
0	i went and saw paper towns on friday and there was this scene where they sang the pokemon theme song and it was sooooo funny
0	ssrizvy world is not only for muslims,it is for everyone whatever religion and culture they may follow.so live and let live. wisdom&amp;truth!
0	josh hamilton 2 run blast! rangers lead the giants 2-0 in the 6th! nevereverquit
0	home run josh hamilton!!! rangers get on the board first, lead 2-0 in the bottom of the 6th letsgorangers
0	ant-man at amc cinema suites on a sunday afternoon is a great choice. good film. have to see it again cause missed hayleyatwell's scene
0	now going to watch ant-man for a 2nd time and drving everybody...
0	i fail to be an ant in my new video! ant-man review coming tomorrow guys hope you like it!
0	the texas rangers did a nice job today and josh hamilton is able to hit his 5th home run and he did a great job today.
0	going to see paper towns for the 4th time
0	this time next sunday i'll be at the zac brown band concert at fenway. can't wait for it
0	tomorrow i'm doing the coolest thing of my life. i'm going to be in a taylormade commercial as dustin johnson's playing partner!!!
0	my hope for the two remaining empty podiums on thursday is chris christie and john kasich.
0	summer is busy! saw ant-man with super heroes lilf and theandyrok. tomorrow minecraft with parker_gamesmc and joinsuperleague
0	i'm listening to a blue grass song that i usually associate with nirvana. it's that kinda sunday.
0	i'm so excited for the cubs game tomorrow! i can't wait! jon lester on the hill, kris bryant just feet away, and a pennant chase! wearegood
0	amctheatres saw ant-man at amc eastchase 9 in fort worth. 1st time at the theater. great experience for my wife and me!
0	gonna see the god, the beast incarnate, the mayor of suplex city brocklesnar tomorrow night. hopefully to see him wreck seth rollins.
0	tvnvi i was listening to the remastered version of thursday but got the original its v gritty like hob but rolling stone is my fav atm
0	had a very interesting day! loved sir paul mccartney live at lollapalooza thanks to a friend's link on facebook! night! cya tomorrow!
0	gawker nigerian army frees 101 children, 77 adults from boko haram: on sunday, the nigerian army announced it...
0	gawker news nigerian army frees 101 children, 77 adults from boko haram: on sunday, the nig... uniteblue tcot
0	ajschillin happy birthday bro! better not see you at dunkin tomorrow
0	josh hamilton's 5th home run of the season, a two-run homer, provided the texas rangers with all the support they needed to win. mlb
0	i may or may not be crying as i listen to calibraska for the 1037292947291 time bc of how proud i am of jack and jack ((-':
0	if anyone saw the ufc190 fight on saturday, thenyou know rousey was amazing!!! ufc190 rondarousey
0	i'm in the south but my greatest desire is to see an end to boko haram. may god help our mbuhari president. apcnigeria
0	vice president yemi osinbajo today, saturday, embracing one of the boys 100 boys orphaned by boko haram...
0	neilcford cheers. being told the moto g (2nd gen) is a good bet too. similar specs. will be down to os i think. many thanks :-)
0	we saw ant-man last saturday - it was very good. proves that no matter your size, you are still a super hero!
0	i just finished reading paper towns! i can't wait to see the movie this wednesday! johngreen
0	rousey obliterated correia on saturday! is she the most dominant ufc fighter ever? ufc190 rondarousey
0	mattspiegel670 jayzawaski670 can confirm first-hand, paul mccartney was fantastic on friday night. worth dealing with the human detritus.
0	december 5th could be the biggest ufc card put together. aldo &amp; mcgregor, and rousey as a co main event with her possibly fighting cyborg.
0	wwe monday night raw is going to be hilarious i can't wait for this and brock lesnar
0	make a wwe world heavyweight championship match on monday night raw with seth rollins vs roman reigns and you can believe that
0	final shows for pixels &amp; ant-man are thursday! opening wednesday: shaun the sheep &amp; thursday: fantastic four!
0	nataweezy lol not you, silly. i'm having eid at my house this saturday and i wish you could come!
0	nigeria's military said monday it had "besieged" boko haram positions in the islamist militant group's...
0	at work still excited about saturday's rousey vs. correia fight.
0	hanging out at the prince george mall! already may have bought a few new outfits...
0	-plan rosy stay in garden city there are strong indications that the super eagles may camp in port harcourt in...
0	great to see david price tie blue jays strike out record as 1st time hurler for jays who tighten wild card race with big win over minn.
0	apart from the 4th inning mastery by david price, the best part of the game was my boi gregg zaun going off on yordano ventura.
0	wow. new jay pitcher david price comes as advertised. 8 innings, 11 strikeouts, 1st win as a blue jay! bring it!
0	what's a better way to end off the august long than david price's 8ip 11k's? scruffy murphy's trivia tonight 9pm ;) gonna be a great show
0	david price does the tigers a favor in his 1st bluejays start. jays w vs twins pulls detroit 1/2 game closer 2 2nd wc. now 3 gms back.
0	bluejays david price getting you excited to watch the jays play again. 11ks wins october baseball?
0	sunday oliseh! i was skeptical first when he was announced as the new super eagles coach. as at now? he has my full support!
0	saw ant-man tonight and loved it! here's my blog review: any views appreciated! antman marvel
0	oh just drinking a westy on a monday night listening to some nirvana. maternityleave
0	we had david price 1st in our fanduel projections today. his 22 pts today ties him for 10th on the list of highest sp scores this season
0	my monday has consisted of paul mccartney on a loop in my head and craving honey barbecue boneless wings with ranch from bdubs
0	caradelevingne johngreen natandalex i'm going to see paper towns for the second time tomorrow.i love this movie.(love you cara!)
0	if you're having doubts about ant-man, just go and see it, you won't be disappointed. he may not be a major character, but the movie is good
0	david price's 1st win as a jay! incredible day at the ballpark!!
0	lance mccullers strikes out josh hamilton - his first out of the inning. now on pace to throw 96 pitches in the 1st. onpaceguy
0	fianlly gaming review of moto g3 and it is a solid performer! 7 graphics heavy games with moto g 3rd generation!
0	took the day off work and treated babe to some big biscuit and saw ant-man. some monday's aren't too bad.
0	taybay_2012 wouldn't it be great if there was someone to bring us dunkin tomorrow (cough) nikmoore_
0	david price is gonna be hellafun every 5th day.
0	july 4th is independence day. and the day chuck norris was born. coincidence? i think not.
0	so adrian nearly has as many fantasy points for my team as david price does. 35 for adrian, 42.5 for price. still only the 7th. rangers
0	great day for baseball. david price kills it in his debut for the jays and then the braves walk off in the 12th. love this game!!
0	i just have a very strong connections with paper towns. probably my 2nd favorite book of all time.
0	tomorrow will be the day i get up and go to dunkin in the morning i feel it
0	just watched sunday's big brother cbsbigbrother james has the biggest balls wow bigbrother johnjayvanes richberra brittneycastle1
0	hey steve. texas may have signed beltre and toronto signed david price. but that left cespedes for the rest of us!! happy festaviss new york
0	want to start reading paper towns tomorrow. my sister told me the movie was awesome!
0	hurray jeremycorbyn for telling the truth about george osborne's northern powerhouse fairy stories jeremy4leader
0	bringing you these affordable euphoric music fests this august! nirvana: where time stands still picc forum 8...
0	i liked a youtube video (5th edition d&amp;d) from the astral season 1, episode 3: bad blood runs deep
0	in-depth review of the spectacular motorolauk moto g (3rd gen), one of the best in its class!
0	song of the day: heavy is the head by zac brown band / chris cornell good morning and happy tuesday, and teller...
0	long live the independent bookstore. this one is recalling watchman.
0	no matter what drake tells you, monday in toronto belonged to david price. jays -
0	the tigers may be calling up matt boyd: he's pitcher number two they received in the david price deal.
0	indiana friends: anybody have any interest in going to see zac brown band on 13 september? close to indy, lawn tickets are cheap.
0	nirvana on the radio. happy tuesday
0	paul mccartney said; great job!!! i liked it!! jul 31, 2014 21 songs for $10.00 ken dulin -
0	the zac brown band will play fenway park this friday - sunday. don't miss it!
0	cannot wait to see ant-man and southpaw with neckcellent tomorrow! i need this downtime, badly!
0	jmv1070 totally rousey. misha tate took her to the 3rd round time last time and has gotten better
0	it's official floyd mayweather vs andre berto september 14th mgm grand, it is what it is i guess boxing
0	gov. chris christie &amp; fmr gov john kasich get the final two spots in the fox news debate thursday. gov. rick perry among those left out gop
0	a special tuesday night movie with nephew today. we went to see ant-man. it was much better than i had anticipated. a nice old school vibe.
0	et review: motorola moto g (3rd gen): we have always recommended the moto g for budget-conscious users w... news
0	may allah accept this dua. i ask allah to rectify the muslims and bring us back to the deen of allah.
0	wow, gov bobbyjindal john kasich made it. fox announces 10 candidates for thursday's prime-time debate via nbcnews
0	"bad blood" by taylor swift feat. kendrick lamar stays in top 5 for 11th week on the billboard hot 100; peaked at 1
0	ant-man felt like the 1st ironman movie 2 me. that's good. it did feel like 2 films grafted onto each other. not as good, but not bad either
0	paul mccartney at lollapalooza on friday! i wish i could go back to that day paulmccartney
0	i'm going home tomorrow and i better have power at my house by 8pm so i can watch big brother
0	super excited for jason aldean and kenny chesney on the 15th because it has been way too long since i have been at a country concert.
0	last day at dunkin tomorrow!
0	josh hamilton hits an rbi double to give the rangers a 4-2 lead in the 4th!! game106
0	ryan braun stays hot! he doubles off the wall in right-center with one out in the 7th. brewers
0	co-editors enjoying the last days of summer with paper towns and nativewings!see you tomorrow freshmen orientation!
0	princess charlotte may have stole the show, but we just can't handle how adorable little prince george is!...
0	we start the morning with news that floyd mayweather will face andre berto on sept 12! odds:
0	coach of the super eagles, sunday oliseh was on sunday one of the numerous spectators who watched arsenal defe...
0	another awesome wed night sbs2 marcfennell this time with the man who killed chuck norris thewayofthedragon
0	mikeandmike rousey over floyd everyday of the week and twice on sunday. bestfight
0	welcome to lukmon osukoya's blog: boko haram may be receiving its funding from the p...
0	moto x style and moto g (3rd gen) hands-on via gsmarena_com moto is the best
0	sat for 3 hours in a restaurant to watch rousey for 34 sec. &amp; i would do it again!!! rousey bestfight mikeandmike espngreeny
0	timesnow it is good news for times now as the terrorist may be glorified like yakub.
0	review: motorola moto g (3rd gen): motorola's mid-range masterpiece, the moto g, is a formidable smartphone th...
0	thank you rolling stone for publish drinking game rules for tomorrow's debate. we are using it in madrid
0	if anyone wants to take me to the jason aldean concert either august 28th or 29th please feel free!!
0	if you liked ant-man you may enjoy law and the multiverse's discussion of the whole robbery/burglary distinction.
0	today in beatles history (may 26, 1986): paul mccartney is named the most successful musician of all time by the guinness book of records.
0	review: motorola g 3rd gen: with its great camera and funky design, the new moto g is a fantastic budget smart...
0	congratulations! hulk hogan reached the end of the 1st line of his keyboard. now we try with these letter things :)
0	patiently waiting for a 2nd allstar season of big brother. c'monnnn! consider it for bb18 please &amp; thank you cbsbigbrother bb17 delon03
0	this house may be old, but it's a new kind of house in prince george's county. net-zero energyefficiency
0	you may have seen sexy, but you've never seen brea in nothing but my nirvana tee sexy.
0	mongbow happy birthday for tomorrow! may you get the naked seth rollins you've always wanted ;)
0	brothanoompsey booo. you going to any games this weekend? david price on saturday in the bx
0	thanks again eastside! we're off to party with the fancy hollywood types at big brother. back at it on fri. post the spots tomorrow night.
0	he also opened for jason aldean in april. and he put on a good show too! &lt;3 tyler farr &lt;3 &lt;3 &lt;3 kristi
0	one of my favorite match of summerslam of all time is when the rock take on brock lesnar for the 1st time ever in his career for the champ
0	pariscarney great pic of both of you! how time flies, eh? bangs, all girls do bangs . paul mccartney's 1st gf set the rage rage 4 bangs
0	adrian neville and seth rollins blew the roof off of that place on monday night raw and adrian neville you did awesome!!!!!!
0	vaehsus_ runtheworid _nickinic_ peace2kiara aaliyah also known as having her 2nd album listed in rolling stone's best albums of the 90s
0	wwenxt baroncorbinwwe i think that was faster win then the rousey fight on saturday night!
0	sballmom13 wellllllll. big brother is on at 9. so i gotta see when dcc is on. i may be watching it friday on demand. :)
0	awesome episode of big brother! i'm totally team..may ? cleg ? love it. bbscandal
0	baron corbin might actually have the 2nd best job in the world next to brock lesnar arrive squash/get paid leave repeat
0	tomorrow night is the big night! xtu will be in the house to give away jason aldean tickets 7-830pm.
0	i'm so happy; i'm going to see paper towns tomorrow!
0	not bashing on calibraska because i liked it but true because so many girls are not here for the music.
0	i got 3 options on friday suck it up and watch fantastic four watch ant-man, again or watch mission impossible:rogue mation
0	i really just tweet on wednesday ,thursday and sunday because of big brother but other then that i don't tweet now.
0	i can't wait for the main event of summerslam undertaker vs brock lesnar! may the best man win!
0	barretpaust27 heymanhustle heyman's promo on monday for brock lesnar was the best promo in wwe ufc history! danawhite lorenzofertitta
0	saw ant-man on tuesday. great film. much more character driven than the big epic mcu films.
0	paper towns is out here next monday, i need someone to go watch it with!
0	1st day of school outfit. iron maiden shirt black skinney jeans black converse. i am officially punk rock okay.
0	been listening to zac brown band on repeat for the last week. can't wait till tomorrow! lilagolightly sschulz45 zbbatfenway
0	glasnow is nearly identical to 2008 david price, who got the call up and was outstanding as a reliever in sept/oct.
0	a very good maxim - one that boko haram had the privilege to enjoy during the jonathan administration &amp; may still!
0	super eagles up four steps on fifa rankings. now 54 in the world. 10th in africa
0	we have four premium seats for the zac brown band, for this friday night 8/7/15 at fenway park. these are...
0	i just entered to win 2 tickets to see zac brown band on september 5th! you can enter too! thanks hoffman ford!
0	gonna go to the city this weekend (saturday most likely), shop a bit and watch ant-man, cause hell, i wanna see it!
0	orlandoscience oh snap. you guys know who oddreym is? i'll have to meet the big brother fan who runs this acct. i'll be setup on friday!
0	in other news i saw ant-man! it may have a few flaws but i absolutely loved it! so funny and the character is brilliant
0	ughhh. i love thursday nights because big brother is live and i honestly don't know who will be sent home tonight bb17
0	loulds wwe got best wrestling athletes in every era. you may find awesomeness in the miz,seth rollins,sami zayn,wade barrett,sheamus,
0	rnoliveira81 criscyborg happy to put the fight together tomorrow if the brazilian slugger can cut down to 135 pounds to face rousey
0	how i'm looking at life rn: big brother is on tonight and sunday bachelor in paradise is on saturday and sunday. allilivefor
0	sunday night or monday morning i leave for virginia, i'm stoked. also going to watch paper towns with my sister tonight, wish me luck
0	i went to see paper towns as a way to get away from the sun and see a mindless young adult film with a happy ending. (1/2)
0	wow august,7.2015 has already begun today "naruto : boruto the movie" from japan to the entire world :) (y)
0	i'm surprised that was only harper's 3rd walk of the year after falling behind 0-2. kris bryant leads baseball with 10.
0	yeahitzjay maybe gaiden characters? 7th hokage naruto would be suuuuper lit. and boruto comes out tmrw so maybe thats it
0	new video is live! rt! enjoy the vid guys :) moto g 3rd gen 2015 review! via youtube
0	real_liam_payne niallofficial i hope you saw this rolling stone article. it's amazing!! see u in baltimore sat!
0	this literally may be one of the best week's in a long time on a big brother season. bb17
0	staggerlee30 well worth looking into chris; think you may like their stuff. (paul mccartney was a big fan btw.)
0	njd107 can't wait for this weekend, especially saturday when my guy david price is on the mound. i love that team.
0	jaycyde there are a few winks in winter soldier and ant-man, various iron mans. largely, though, you may be right.
0	i first tweeted this in april or may, but john kasich can win the gop primary.
0	john kasich with the goal posts gesture needs to be on front pages tomorrow. it's a gift. make me proud, headline writers.
0	was thrilled when a group of kayakers came done the thomson on my way home from prince george on tuesday nikon d810
0	meisha tate might have lost to rousey twice but is still deserving of a 3rd shot cause she earned it by grinding in the ufc
0	we'll see you this saturday for hollywood u2! u2 cover band playing at sagebrush with no cover! get here early!...
0	if john kasich starts polling better before super tuesday he could be my primary vote
0	excited to sleep cause excited for dunkin tomorrow on the drive home
0	sweet jesus, i may just vote for john kasich. gopdebate
0	john kasich is going to be the media darling tomorrow with his gay marriage/supreme court comment. well done, sir. gopdebate
0	kris bryant singles. that must feel good. b2b singles. men on 1st and 2nd with one out.
0	when is david price's next gone start? i'm hoping next fri the 14th since i've got tickets for that game vs the yankees
0	craft beer + kick ass food = nirvana. next thursday join us for the highly anticipated jolly pumpkin beer dinner....
0	i didn't even know who john kasich was before the gopdebate. i think he may have done the best.
0	enlightenedrepublican. kudos to john kasich showing respect to those with whom he may not agree.
0	moto g 2nd gen 16 gb (black / white) at rs.8099 - motorola in association flipkart is back again with a bang where...
0	also, paper towns was amazing. (anselelgort making an appearance was the cherry on top &amp; i may or may not have freaked in the theater)
0	sulli is my 1st bias the one who brought me into kpop. i will miss seeing her in f(x) &amp; i will still support her.
0	ant-man tomorrow hopefully and i kind of want to give fantastic four a shot also .
0	john kasich has sure come out of nowhere. i'd give him the w tonight. can't wait to watch the democratic party's first debate in october.
0	it's friday, and you should all have the riff from iron maiden's "the rime of the ancient mariner" in your heads.
0	if you have moto g 3rd gen guess what you can have airtel 4g! tweet using getairtel4g for a free sim home delivery.!
0	i think after tonight, we must add a 4th, dark horse candidate to the trio of jeb b., rubio and walker - john kasich.
0	look, im probably the most powerful and devastating thug that can quote the entirety of u2's october album
0	nirvana on the raido. nice start to friday.
0	friday evening at the movies. hope paper towns is good.
0	friday is best day of the week and it's a eid for muslims.
0	jumu'ah is an eid in itself and the friday prayer is more virtuous than both eid prayes combined. abandoning it is a sin. jumuahreminder"
0	neelumusaf24 jumma mubarak to all muslims, jumma is the most sacred day of a week. :). friday sermon is reminder of our duties as muslim
0	boruto: naruto the movie just wait brooo. im coming to you in november. hall pasti dipenuhi dgn org dh besar hahaha
0	abdullahbats here it's 1:20 pm, i can be around that time but maaaybe i'll be gone since i may watch ant-man today
0	last night floyd mayweather compared andre berto to manny pacquiao. yeap it really did happen. happy friday everyone! boxing101
0	friday night = listening to calibraska with my dog
0	vincent enyeama celebrates 16th wedding anniversary with sweet words: super eagles goalkeeper, the post vincen...
0	any of my denver peeps need tickets to the kenny chesney &amp; jason aldean concert tomorrow? i have two 100 level...
0	thinking about the number of people who may have discovered the cure through ant-man makes me so happy
0	rousey would make may weather tap out.she would knock the 's of that fraud and fake . she loves the sport while the clown does it for the $
0	marijuana on a thursday with a new episode of naruto
0	fans of both foo fighters and nirvana likely had that exacta in the 4th at saratoga: 2 watershed to 5 come as you are
0	you may not like floyd mayweather as a person but you have got to respect him and understand that he's one of the greatest of all time
0	if frank ocean drops the first part of 'boy don't cry' tomorrow, all will be well .
0	bad blood playing in the salon on eastenders has been the highlight of my friday night
0	justinrivera86 arizzo44 let's see, there's "good vibrations," trap queen, "bad blood," .... can't remember what he uses for 4th at-bat.
0	just listened to that she song by tyler the creator and frank ocean for the 1st time really nice track
0	david price will take the mound friday night, his first road start as a blue jay. yes, life is very good in toronto. bluejays.
0	i plan to see the fantastic 4 movie tuesday. i went to see age of ultron and ant-man the thursday night before.
0	kris bryant is the 2nd best baserunner in major league baseball:
0	song of da' nite * powerslave * by iron maiden outta' the jus' blabbin' music vault . ohh yaa ..... enjoy all &amp; happy friday nite = ;-))
0	nothing like spending your friday night on the side of the road. overheating dunkin' donuts
0	we are 5 minutes in on sharknado 3 ohhellno and already i think this may be the most impactful movie since schindler's list
0	bluejays win. count em down boys 3.5 games back. 2 more big ones this weekend with the big guy david price throwing tomorrow
0	people worried about david price pitching tomorrow but they seem to forget we own the guy nyy
0	tomorrow is david price day again!!!!!
0	man, this bluejays team keeps getting better. david price on the tit tomorrow!
0	chris's boss gave us tickets to the sam smith concert tomorrow. we're probably not going to go but what a nice gift.
0	frank ocean album supposed to drop tomorrow.... let's hope it's true
0	hope everyone's have a nice weekend. here's the latest wwe power rankings: august 7, 2015 01 seth rollins 02...
0	just found out that bria and i are going to see sam smith at the gorge tomorrow!!!!!!
0	yay going to get my new car tomorrow woot woot. i needed a good pick me up after big brother
0	rajivmakhni motog the ever evolving moto g 3rd gen firmly stands out as a beauty with the brain for gennext. let's swim with it awhile.
0	somehow i was able to enjoy the 2nd half of ant-man in spite of my gleeful anticipation about all the ant-lamb jokes i couldn't wait to make
0	i'm super excited for the sam smith concert tomorrow though!
0	thursday night's gopdebate was the highest-rated primary debate in tv history. must be because of that john kasich sex appeal.
0	belting out the u2 classics on mtv because that my friends is how saturday night should be cantsingforshit
0	wish i am now in japan to feel the naruto mood and watch borutothemovie . malaysia november baru nak keluaq
0	decided to watch rick and morty will probably watch naruto tomorrow such a good movie hits ya right in the feels
0	now that there's several 2d showings of ant-man a day, maybe i'll actually see it... like tomorrow.
0	.krishamoud chuck norris once roundhouse kicked a man into next week...in fact, i believe he's due back tomorrow.
0	august 8, happy birthday dave evans aka the edge from u2.
0	i hope enough people show up tomorrow so a kpop course can be ran. i really want to do it.
0	on sunday, the only way to watch us is to be there in person!! come out to the prince george's sport complex at...
0	omg just read naruto special comic where naruto declared as the 7th hokage. narutohokage
0	that kris bryant 9th inning home run was the turning point in the season.
0	stats flying around lately, but this is my favourite: today is the 2nd game where troy tulowitzki and david price play for the blue jays.
0	naruto volume 70 from vizmedia ranks at 7, marking its 8th week on the new york times manga bestsellers
0	jason aldean thursday, free toronto blue jays game friday and zbb concert sunday. bout to be the best weekend of summer.
0	thought about seeing the new fantastic four movie today. passed and saw ant-man for a 2nd time instead. lol antman fantasticfour
0	seeing jason aldean for the 13th time today... yup
0	catching up on movies before they leave theaters. trainwreck was as good as everyone says it is. tomorrow, ant-man.
0	smackalalala currently 6-0 top of the 9th. they got lucky trading for david price. that's one ace of a pitcher to have in the lineup.
0	ant-man was even better the 2nd time
0	7th consecutive win, shutout the yankees, david price's second win as a jay, 2.5 games behind for 1st place in al east. letsgobluejays
0	robbb11roppp112 article highlighted ss501 as one of the 3 top groups in the 2nd generation of kpop idol (fr 2005 onwards)
0	jays are now 2.5 games back of the yankees for 1st place. won 7 in a row and david price is 2-0 as a blue jay! 6-0 over the yankees mlb
0	kris bryant blasts a home run to deep left center! bryant's 15th home run of the season. cubs letsgo
0	kris bryant with his 15th hr of this season!!! cubs lead 3-2.
0	kris bryant's smile when he gets a homer could fuel the sun krisbryant_23 cubs
0	an absolute bomb by kris bryant, his 15th hr on the year. cubs up 3-2 now on the giants. sfvschc
0	we go to the 4th as the cubs lead 3-2 thanks to kris bryant's two run home
0	and just think....virgo david price will be getting even better when jupiter goes into virgo august 11...
0	i chose this one in honor of night 2 with zacbrownba... - "tomorrow never comes" by zac brown band cymbal
0	watching the gop from last night and i must say that carly fiorina may surprise a few gop
0	zac brown band tomorrow night with boy. so effing excited. eeeeee!
0	i may not be a huge u2 fan but bono's mullet in the 80s was superb!
0	this is a good video clip of carly fiorina on the 2nd amendment.
0	one of the advantages to living in sc is we get to meet candidates in person, going to meet carly fiorina tomorrow, a competent honest woman
0	josh hamilton was 4th on rangers in win probability added entering this game. he'll be 2nd by the end of the day. just crazy.
0	thedoctor2016 japancuriosity mangauk i hope that they attract the right audience and some that may not have seen dbz or naruto before.
0	1st time watching sharknado--too freaking funny! luv the cast! watching 3&amp; def will watch the 1st two! gotta join sharknado cult following!
0	josh hamilton can strike out 4 times but if bats in the 9th or later, he will win you the baseball game.
0	josh hamilton hit a two run homer in 2011 ws in the 10th with a sports hernia. if anyone with any decent fielding skills catches the ball...
0	reading the hobbit, listening to sam smith, mom is cooking her mean pork nilaga. steady sunday it is. good morning :)
0	i would say him and rousey are the hottest athletes in sports right now. savage
0	just went to see paper towns with my friends. amazing!!! then we were driving home and we stuck our heads out the sun roof. such a rush...
0	yasss! vanessa may actually be leaving the big brother house. i could not be anymore happy how this is playing out! bb17
0	judge jeanine, i agree with you that carly fiorina belongs in the top candidates. in fact, she may be the best of the bunch
0	david price, justin smoak send jays by yanks for 7th win in row always a great day when tha yankees lose.... $ball
0	excited to see that boruto: naruto the movie is coming out in malaysia on the 5th of november!
0	"paper towns" is amazingly playing in fremont tomorrow and now i feel obligated to go see it.
0	carly fiorina the clear winner of thursday's undercard debate
0	john kasich seems well balanced and sensible compared to the rest at thursday night's debate. i say johnkasich won.
0	just learned that iron maiden's new album comes out september 4. same day as 5fdp's new album. god so much music in so little time
0	the song lost it to trying (paper towns mix) on the paper towns soundtrack is amazing. it's got fobs fourth of july as a base and just wow
0	1d5_69 _infinitehoran_ i've been a fan for 4 years now. kpop is kinda different from what you may be used to. t-ara is my fave group!
0	i haven't watched naruto since i was like 9, but tomorrow is the day i start watching it again.
0	david price continues his dominance with toronto blue jays: after a dominant toronto blue jays debut on monday...
0	it's literally 6th grade me's dream come true to finally see pete wentz live and in the flesh ive achieved nirvana
0	i'm running on the stage if sam smith sings lay me down tomorrow
0	frank ocean puttin me to sleep thinkin of the past on this sat. night relaxin with ace and mike. but eyes on the future :) an no lookin back
0	bbc6music maryannehobbs nirvana. it just feels right. happy sunday! 6hobbs
0	stuffing my face with fried chicken and chinese take out while listening to kpop is my saturday night aesthetic
0	saturday movie matinee: carly fiorina won the debate going away via nicedeb
0	it warms my heart when i see muslims on here wishing christians a blessed sunday. and when christians do the same on friday muslim prayers
0	rniyusawa caz of,i'm going to go naruto exhibition in osaka,sep.i'll buy gifts for you there.it's sold on new goods osaka limited!
0	omg apparently the song from the mobile contingent march in is from naruto.....
0	been an ant based week, first seeing ant-man at the cinema. now visiting antwerp. maybe i'll finish with meeting ant &amp; dec? hopeful
0	megynkelly dwstweets if fox keeps building the show guy up. you may be right. start building up dr. ben carson and carly fiorina,
0	reminiscing the day of eid, in the beautiful city of madinah... what a day it was! may allah take us all to visit the haramain. ameen.
0	seeing all these concert pics makes me even more excited to go see jason aldean thursday with my favorite people
0	tomorrow it will be a good day because i go watch paper towns for the preview, i can't wait omfg caradelevingne johngreen natandalex
0	frank ocean album coming out tomorrow.. i'm sure it is.
0	the pool is cool, the sun is hot, the breeze is soft. i have attained nirvana. thespiritualstate nottheband
0	iron maiden - run to the hills (rock in rio) via youtube since i'm having a quiet, peaceful sunday - why not this 1
0	whoa! carly fiorina had interview with chris matthews after 1st debate and even he was impressed...
0	foxnews sunday fns the debate did greatly change who i was seriously considering for the nominee. i now love carly fiorina.
0	john kasich may not subscribe to my political views, or me his, but he very much handles himself with grace and compassion. kudos
0	carly fiorina on the rise after thursday night's debate - she &amp; trump are like oil and water.
0	rest in peace frank gifford. i can't think of my youth without you on monday nite football
0	celebrating the memories of a man who graced us with his knowledge and passion for the game every monday night rip frank gifford. pro nfl
0	frank gifford not only had a terrific career in football, but he was also one of the pioneers of monday night...
0	rip frank gifford. growing up in the '80, watching him on monday night football. he was an nfl institution.
0	may your journey be peaceful frank gifford as you move to the light. sending prayers of comfort and adjustment to...
0	frank gifford died sunday am in his ct home. family: "we rejoice in the extraordinary life he was privileged to live..."
0	frank gifford still has the most td's (78) in giants history. he is 8th in rushing yds &amp; 2nd in receiving yds. also 20th in td passes (14).
0	the giff was the main reason i once loved monday night football. rip usc and nfl legend frank gifford.
0	my generation learned to love the nfl every monday night thanks to frank gifford. sending all my prayers to his family ripfrankgifford
0	thank you frank gifford for the many monday night memories. you'll be missed
0	mkgoblue kysandy / monday night football was must see tv back with frank gifford, dandy don &amp; howard cosell. they had the magic mixture.
0	ill always remember frank gifford calling the monday night football games!! salute
0	my thoughts and prayers are with my profootballhof comrade frank gifford and his family. may our nfl great rest in paradise.
0	rip frank gifford. nfl hof. i remember him from mnf as a kid. especially the campbell game. arguably best game ever.
0	michaelirvin88 we lost one of the greats today.. frank gifford was amazing and also had the voice that i loved on monday night. greathof
0	had the chance to finally see both the fantastic four and ant-man. if i may indulge in a pun... big things do come from small packages.
0	sad to hear frank gifford died. 1of the best monday night crews and a kind man when i met him
0	may the lord bless the family of frank gifford.
0	frank gifford, the legendary sportscaster, has died, his family announced sunday afternoon. he was 84. - dave
0	we will miss you frank gifford, nfl legend &amp; hubby of kathielgifford now walking in glory &amp; wonder with god himself
0	this was my monday nights as a child and i just heard the news rip frank gifford
0	frank gifford's work on monday night football w/howard cosell, don meredith, al michaels &amp; dan dierdorf really helped make me an nfl fan.
0	sad to hear about frank gifford's passing. i always remember him with al michaels and dan dierdorf on monday night football
0	i love monday night football. frank gifford was so great with dandy don al michaels. we love you frank. kathielgifford sorry 4your loss
0	nfl legend frank gifford passes away at 84. most will remember him on monday night football. did you see him play?
0	always enjoyed it when frank gifford was on monday night football, especially when he was teamed with al michaels and dan dierdorf.
0	rip frank gifford one of the all time greatest giants and a mainstay on monday night football for years, frankgifford
0	rip frank gifford, the original voice of monday night football with cosell and meredith
0	condolences to the family, friends and fans of legendary football player and broadcaster, frank gifford. may he rest in peace.
0	deeply saddened by the sudden death of frank gifford. he will always be the voice of monday night football for me.
0	rip frank gifford. he was the voice monday night football when i was growing up. great player as well.
0	frank gifford was the face of giants and original 'monday night' rock star
0	rip frank gifford, in my opinion the best play by play man ever on monday night football.
0	just talked to dan dierdorf about the death of frank gifford, his former monday night football broadcast partner: "i wasn't expecting it."
0	he may not be an idol but he is the reason why i'm into kpop
0	rip frank gifford enjoyed many a monday night listening and watching u call the nfl
0	sad frank gifford dies today at 84( turn out the lights the partys over)if you remember that its from monday...
0	rip frank gifford. always seemed like a class act, especially when thrust into the monday night football circus that was howard cosell.
0	who's going to jason aldean thursday! i got tickets and wanna party it up!
0	frank gifford did 25 seasons on monday night football. thanks for the memories when i was young. rip
0	just saw frank gifford died -- may he rest in peace.
0	the monday night football song will always feature "frank and al and dan" to me. thanks for the memories, frank gifford.
0	best play by play man monday night football ever had, back when you couldn't wait for mnf to be on ! frank gifford rip
0	frank gifford was a giant on the field before he spent a career on monday night football.
0	watching monday night football with don meredith - howard cosell and frank gifford was the best sportscasting of all time.
0	man! frank gifford died. i was too young to remember his playing days, but he was a gem on monday night football. ripfrankgifford
0	add my good buddy bobpapa_nfl to tomorrow's guest list talking the late, great frank gifford, jpp and the giants.
0	i offer my sympathy to the frank gifford family. thank you for your years with the ny giants &amp; monday night football. rip, mr. gifford.
0	shoutout to bthousto for going with me to see ant-man (highly recommend) and scoring us free ice cream yesterday. best 2nd to last day here
0	sending my sincere prayers &amp; condolences to the gifford family on frank gifford's passing. may he rest in peace.
0	your were awesome frank gifford monday night football isn't the same
0	photoset: last night was my last saturday night of summer, and i spent it at the zac brown band concert at...
0	my thoughts go out to the family of frank gifford, great on monday night football and in the hall of fame in football. ripfrankgifford
0	r.i.p. frank gifford. i truly enjoyed your monday night football broadcasts with al and dan.
0	sad to hear the passing of frank gifford . always enjoyed him on monday night football.
0	i know that had to be hard for al michaels to announce the passing of frank gifford. they covered a lot of games on monday nights. mnf nfl
0	nfl a sad, shocking day for football. may frank gifford be remembered always and forever, rip
0	r.i.p. to frank gifford. revolutionized multi-position athletes and was great on the call of monday night football.
0	i think that caitlyn jenner may be the only woman in the world who is more emotional than i am. roflmao! i love how genuine she is. iamcait
0	as some of you may know, i am a medium on top of my tarot reading. i had a great time in prince george doing a...
0	frank gifford, al michaels and dan dierdorf are pretty much the sound of every sleepy late-night fall monday of my childhood.
0	al michaels &amp; frank gifford provided the soundtrack for monday night football when i was just getting into the game. a true renaissance man.
0	nice tribute to frank gifford, may he rest in peace onceagiantalwaysagiant
0	nflonfox i grew up listening to frank gifford on monday night football. thanks for all the memories. rest in peace!
0	nice touch by snfonnbc to run the music from friday night lights (nbcfnl) during their tribute to frank gifford. rip
0	frank gifford, dan dierdorf and al michaels formed one the greatest monday night football (mnf) broadcasting teams.
0	with frank gifford's passing, you really should track down &amp; watch "monday night mayhem." incredibly entertaining tv movie about mnf history
0	i always enjoyed watching monday night football when frank gifford and company called the games.
0	lesleycbs3 patgallencbs3 happy sunday. i hope all is well. question: do you find it as eerie as i do frank gifford died the same (more)
0	theslystallone great job that you have done in your movie career, one of the best actors next to chuck norris. but you are a close 2nd
0	rest in peace frank gifford ! my thoughts and prayers go out to kathielgifford and her family! may god be with them thero this hard time!
0	frank gifford was a great football player. i remember he used to be one of the commentators on monday night football too. ripfrankgifford
0	whatcha want from dunkin tomorrow sweetheart? kayciiiii__
0	nailed it! booyah! greatest mnf memory earl campbell 199 yds 4 td's and the 81 td run! i was 9! frank gifford rip!
0	monday = lana's single! tuesday = finally going to come facetoface with a! wednesday = sam smith concert!
0	the coolest guy in the room ... frank gifford ... monday night football will always be howard cosell, don meredith and frank rip16
0	always remember frank gifford doing monday night football man you're going to be missed rip
0	frank gifford may have not been the most skilled game caller-and he didnt have to be in 3 man booth-but always brought elegance to tv sports
0	it's very impressive that frank gifford, who died sunday at 84, remains the leading touchdown scorer in the history of the new york giants.
0	sending my prayers to the family of frank gifford. may the strength of god comfort you during this difficult time.
0	god bless you mr. frank gifford. may you rest in peace.
0	wwerollins cfbelltown seth rollins great match with neville on monday night raw very entertaining match
0	johncena ohn cena you are my favorite wrestler of all time great match with seth rollins on monday night raw sorry you broke your nose.
0	there's this scene in the 2nd season of naruto where sasuke says "what's up "and i laugh so hard every time
0	frank gifford who also was a great broadcaster on monday night football was the perfect role for our kids regardless of where they were born
0	ok, caribou playing can't do without you made me dance so hard i may have cried, so i get it sam smith girls.
0	no, caitlyn jenner may not be a war hero, but she's been such an inspiration to many young people who need someone like her to look up to.
0	david price's 2nd pitcher of the week, josh donaldson's 2nd hitter of the week, corey kluber's 3rd pitcher of the day.
0	box office: ant-man avoids a trainwreck with $22.6 million friday for no. 1 ... - hitfix
0	perfect day: seeing sam smith &amp; elton john then having a big slice of pizza after to end the night...aka august 9th 2015 outsidelands
0	carly fiorina's message to the nra's annual meeting &amp; support for the 2nd amendment.
0	kpop fans may have their beefs and whatever but when its time to stand up for kpop as whole we do it together fanarmyfaceoff
0	doctor who is like the 2nd series - next to naruto - to hit me in the feels so hard. omg.
0	my take coming up: frank gifford's impact on the game and on me. monday night football was never just a game. it's an event. wkyc
0	caitlyn jenner dons shift dress with a leather jacket for kylie's 18th birthday
0	sincere condolences to our friend kathielgifford &amp; family on the passing of frank gifford. may he rest in peace.
0	frank gifford and al michaels are the voices i hear when i think about monday night football mikeandmike
0	i just sat here explaining to meme how hungry i was and then she looked at me and drove past dunkin, smiling.
0	i just heard about frank gifford. anyone who ever watched monday night football enjoyed it more with him. rest in peace.
0	helen_wood86 i wouldnt care if you sat on prince george's head infront of kate &amp; wills, you'd still be one of the fittest uk celebs around
0	the nfl lost an icon with the passing of frank gifford. he was a legend on the field and in the monday night booth!
0	oluabsoul i enjoyed it a lot more than naruto as well. thought it was brilliant. well i'm gna start fate zero tomorrow.
0	getting emotional about naruto at 8:18 am on a monday
0	he had a good life and a wonderful wife.. may frank gifford rip
0	klgandhoda prayers for all of you today. may god carry each one of you during this sad time "footprints in the sand", rip frank gifford
0	monday morning gym tunes for the beautiul soul. zac brown band - all alright (official video):
0	did muhamedsacirbey ever meet kristnovoselic ? was so proud to be a nirvana fan when they did the benefit gig in april 93 livenirvana
0	a very young dobber had the privilege of watching frank gifford providing commentary on monday night football. much respect ripfrankgifford
0	what is it with female politicians? carly fiorina (who i absolutely adore) was the darling of the sunday shows...
0	carly fiorina got a bump in the polls and in fundraising after her solid performance in thursday's pre-debate forum.
0	according to a new poll, carly fiorina is the republican presidential candidate of choice after thursday night's debates! yeah, carly! tcot
0	calibraska, the top album friday on itunes -ahead of major-label acts like future, jill scott, rihanna, and...
0	bleedcubbieblue kris bryant voted by managers as the nl's 3rd best defensive third baseman.
0	kathielgifford praying for you and your beautiful family!! may frank gifford rest in peace.
0	hall of famer frank gifford a nfl legend on the field and in the booth calling the games on monday night football...
0	&gt;&gt; the top 3 monday night football intros for the dallas cowboys from frank gifford
0	the monday morning podcast is up!! i ramble about buying a new head, jungle gyms and frank gifford.
0	i liked a youtube video zac brown band with steven tyler, fenway park, 9 august 2015
0	still in awe that i'm going to see sam smith tomorrow... counting down the hours
0	jess glynne has a song called "bad blood" on her new album &amp; i'm seeing her in november &amp; i hope she does a bb/bb remix.
0	ahhh then one may attain nirvana at the supermarket.
0	carly fiorina may not ever have served in elected office but she's prolly a better politician than most of the gop field. forwhatthatsworth
0	the instrumental versoin of "4th of july" in paper towns is one of the best things ever
0	u2's on hiatus but we're not. we'll be in atlanta this thurs/fri. if you're in the area w/ a u2 tattoo, we'd love to meet up &amp; document you!
0	with the passing of frank gifford, let's remember what a positive leader he was - &amp; appreciate every day! the sun...
0	brock lesnar and the undertaker are both confirmed to be at raw next monday i am screaming
0	shaneryanhere did you see carly fiorina is in 5th in iowa, 2 pts out of second? maybe the non top 10 still had a shot?
0	the string quartet tribute to nirvana - smells like teen spirit | i'll play this all day on the 31st...just because
0	carly fiorina was failing to crack 1% in recent iacaucus polls. today, she's tied for a close 3rd with 10%! carlyfiorina carly2016
0	i can't even remotely believe that i'm going to see sam smith in person, with my own two eyes, this friday.
0	thursday night we are giving away a pair of tickets to the jason aldean concert on aug 22nd, come in for your...
0	ok tomorrow i gotta watch the rest of i remember you and naruto the last i cant wait oh my god the weaboo side is showing its self
0	have brock lesnar vs the undertaker summerslam simulation coming for you tomorrow :)
0	i'm going to be in toronto om wednesday and i would totally be ok with meeting any big brother contestant or ian8inchlynch
0	i was all about naruto and anime in middle school early high school lol. if it's still good i may get back into it
0	howard, dandy and frank gifford talking the nfl in the great somewhere tonight--monday night.
0	getting hype about the pga championship on thursday! as much as i want tiger to win i'm throwing my duckets on dustin johnson.
0	sam smith tomorrow with my little sister sure why not. lol
0	djibouti swamp (8-9, 5th, throwitdeepdm11 ) beats miggy smalls (1st, 12-5, kcopher_3 ) 223-200 mvp - david price with 60 points
0	anandverite give u r tribute to yakub by watching the movie black friday 10 times :)
0	today remembers 'triumph' frank gifford: see his best moments via todayshow may he rest in peace!
0	happy birthday to my big brother xtruegr8ness26x. can't wait to spend some time with you tomorrow!
0	time to start monday night raw with a typical (generic) opening promo from seth rollins, such greatness.
0	best way to start monday night rollins is with seth rollins himself thebest
0	when was the last time we've had a subpar monday night raw? tonight looks to be no different! seth rollins is gold.
0	can it be friday already? i wanna see jason aldean
0	hats off to hobie fishing team member sam smith for 1) catching what may be the record striped bass taken from a...
0	diablothein we do have the new moto e however - it is similar / better spec'd than the moto g (1st gen)
0	timneufeld great article on u2's use of the psalms! it's great to bring some context to those fans who may not be aware of the background.
0	i turned on monday night raw and in the first 10 seconds randy orton rko'd 2 people, talk about a perfect storm
0	ampt going to see my baby ice cube in in nwa this friday :)
0	bagel day at work tomorrow, means i don't have to spend my own money at dunkin
0	naruto is like crack. i keep saying saying one more episode, until "oh look, the sun." naruto
0	and the wonder years and state champs are touring together and i get to see my first rousey fight in dec? i keep getting good news today
0	just got done watching wwe monday night raw i'm glad seth rollins stayed the champion randy orton came close of being the champion
0	moto g (3rd gen) review: the new moto g is one of the biggest devices for motorola! our review of the new moto...
0	i'm going to dunkin tomorrow and ordering 10 iced mocha coffees for myself to stay awake and complete all this work shawnnaexx
0	i finished first at timeplay when i saw ant-man tonight. i think i may have peaked. antman dreambig
0	oh my god it just hit me that i'm seeing sam smith tomorrow night
0	always fun reading about rousey's love for pokemon and dbz
0	97.9 two for tuesday makes me happy cause they just played double nirvana
0	rip to frank gifford , always remember as a kid anytime you heard his voice you knew it was time for monday night football .
0	super eagles head coach sunday oliseh is happy with outcome of the 2018 fifa world cup preliminar...
0	watching the rousey fight for the 10th time. this woman just motivates me dude.
0	a phone isn't just about specs, its about the experience. this is where the moto g (3rd gen) excels! android
0	there's so many concerts going on around here, sam smith tomorrow, then nicki, then kellh clarkson and pentatonix xd
0	chris tucker hasn't lost a step but i wish he would do one more friday, ice cube pay the man lol
0	123nitin go with moto g 3rd gen its best in this range :)
0	so, out on friday alexmassie listens to nevermind by nirvana the first time. what could possibly go wrong
0	maayangean oh its a name mash up of 2 of my favorite song (stay away by nirvana and hold on till may by pierce the veil)
0	floyd mayweather says muhammad ali is the 5th best boxer of all time
0	mckay &amp; donuts: big tuesday on the show! another b95 new music tuesday with new stuff from zac brown band,...
0	have you ever been told you look like janet jackson? win the chance to watch janet from a vip suite, october 29th...
0	so glad tomorrow's my last day at dunkin
0	in a debate dominated by trump's over-the-top personality, the real winner may have been carly fiorina. and she...
0	just booked tickets to go and see paper towns on monday after work with my girl! film looks so good! here's hoping it's as good as the film!
0	jason aldean and kenny cheney at the meadowlands this saturday is going to be wild!!! noshoesnation
0	okay so frank ocean is performing at fyf festival whoever goes has to record the show!! august 22nd!!!
0	i am listening to aubrey_logan 's (with pmjofficial) version of bad blood for the 11th time this night.hope you come to australia with pmj
0	usatoday first-place mets may get their best hitter back: david wright went 1-for-3 with ... sports sportsnews
0	carly fiorina, considered the breakout star of the early debate thursday, spent most of her business career with at&amp;t. billoreilly.com
0	sunday bloody sunday - u2 - get wholesome, before the shit hits the fan. music wholesome
0	shows starting up again aug 15 - see you soon cumberland, gibsons and prince george!!!
0	bananaslapdick kris bryant is the 3rd best defensive 3b either
0	zac brown band is going to be the best country concert i've been too. hyped for sunday.
0	businessinsider donald may not be to fuzzy on idea, but carly fiorina might make a good vp. she would help for obvious reasons!
0	im hearing lost by frank ocean for the 1st time and its so good!!!! where has this been my whole life damn
0	you know what's tomorrow is phoenix? sam smith concert. you know who isn't going? this lemon
0	zac brown band, mexico &amp; you: want to hit the beach for four sun-drenched days in mexico featuring the zac bro...
0	no matter what happens tomorrow, the important thing is whether or not frank ocean puts out another album
0	rqui hello robin i will be in new york on oct 2 and i'm a cancer survisor as well as a post op transwoman lets talk about caitlyn jenner
0	kathielgifford so sorry for your loss. may you and cody and cassidy smile everytime you think of the great frank gifford
0	literally so excited i'm going to a sam smith concert in october
0	threw out 1st pitch tonight and david wright was so nice to sign it stluciemets traditionfield
0	frank ocean is the best thing out in music and this whole album supposed to come out in july and now it's august 11th shit is breaking me
0	a sultry new jam "no sleeep" marked the return of janet jackson on friday, july 24, as the pop icon makes her...
0	the only thing that will be getting me through tomorrow is the sam smith concert
0	miraclebaseball with consecutive bunts to david wright. 1st is perfect for base hit. dw makes trademark barehanded grab. 2nd is sac. mets
0	somebody please come with me to see sam smith tomorrow!!
0	greta carly fiorina then trump is my 2nd choice. but prompts to both for being fearless in meeting with &amp; answering questions from media.
0	sctop10 kris bryant's snag in the top of the 2nd. remarkable!
0	i'm going to see sam smith tomorrow. i don't think i ever thought this was going to happen but it is. he's my everything my idol. omfg
0	zac brown band now occupy the 3rd and 4th positions on the billboard country album chart - sam hunt still number one.
0	im just excited to cry to some frank ocean on the way to school tomorrow w michaelpence97
0	dixieyouthworldseries: konner eaton had an amazing diving grab in center field to get the out for virginia (prince george) in the 4th.
0	the antonio feirce just asked me to got to dunkin w him tomorrow adlaksjskdh
0	i feel like i'm gonna cry at everything during the sam smith concert tomorrow cuz his voice is so amazing
0	big brother ends and survivor begins on one of my best friends 21st birthday....ima be a little late to the festivities
0	cleartheshelters this saturday august 15th at prince george's county animal shelter! hope to see you there!!
0	ccstreeter can't wait for friday because milo and for you guys to see paper towns
0	i'm going to a sam smith concert tomorrow hahahahahaha i totally forgot
0	caitlyn jenner was once a man but is now happier as a women and that's fine he may not be attractive but he is happy
0	omg i may have a chance to still go to the sam smith concert!
0	on the bright side, i get to watch big brother with trevor tomorrow.
0	just booked my tickets for ant-man for this friday. can't wait!
0	but on the bright side i bought myself a ticket to see sam smith in raleigh oct 6th
0	time to binge on naruto until the sun leaks through the blinds
0	don't forget all films before 5pm are just a fiver for all! valid mon - fri only. book now and enjoy ant-man,...
0	my condolences to the amazing family of frank gifford... may the holy spirit comfort you with the knowledge that he's in heaven already!
0	i like ice cube, better than any of nwas songs after the 1st album. death certificate is my lp. 2015 &amp;we still bustin up the chiffarobe
0	the only reason why i wanna have tomorrow is because naruto and sasuke is gonna beat the shit out of madara in the next episode tomorrow ;d
0	sounds premature. hope it's true: boko haram has been 'decapitated': chadian leader - via yahoonews
0	i'm gonna get the moto g (3rd gen)
0	can't wait for barbershop 3 and the last friday to come out. ice cube is a top actor
0	praying frank ocean releases his album tomorrow just to soften the blow
0	on the bright side, a liveeee episode of naruto comes out tomorrow
0	frank ocean and the sun is perfect!
0	my turn to be office dj - u2 on repeat. "one may come in the name of love.."
0	this december 12th card is going to be loaded - im hoping we get rousey - tate, and maybe fedor's return, along with conor - aldo ufc
0	oh, hi! just listening to sam smith's "like i can" and weeping! happy wednesday!
0	dear heidisueryan, happy 27th anniversary. paul mccartney will help me with the words...
0	saintseamus i can tell man, i'm going to zac brown band on saturday, that should be fun as hell.
0	the oklahoman editorial, carly fiorina may have gained the most from first debates, 8-9-15
0	i just listened to strawberry swing by frank ocean 6 times in a row and i'm working on a 7th
0	i was saddened to hear of the death of frank gifford. i only saw him on monday night football but he was great. he will be missed.
0	laughfan of course you're still in race for the jbl speakers and moto g 3rd gen! keep tweeting sabkuchfixkaregamrright!
0	yes david price, 1st time in mlb history all 15 home teams won. but you're due for a slump. xox
0	i have many fond memories of sneaking up past my bedtime to watch frank gifford on monday night football. we'll miss you man.
0	i'm still dying over the fact fourth of july by fall out boy was in paper towns omg
0	sablecaught charlieinabook i'm now seriously tempted to re-read the 1st book and see if cara fits. i still need to see paper towns though
0	in post-debate rasmussen poll, carly fiorina breaks top 10, while huckabee would've landed in the early debate.
0	forbes highest paid women's athlete was sharapova (11th yr straight) with 29.2 mil. not hard to imagine rousey topping that list one day.
0	wishhhhh i was going to jason aldean tomorrow
0	tomorrow is the new naruto episode can't fucking wait lol shit got real
0	pamvillaruz the concert got changed to september 30th... aka get yohr booty down here and see sam smith with me
0	tripleh love the thing u done with seth rollins monday yes whether he wants to admit it or not he did say he didn't need the authority
0	wondering about carly fiorina's stance on the 2nd amendment? wonder no more...
0	we go to the 3rd tied at one thanks to kris bryant's solo homer
0	beth_annie315 maybe if it was our musical but ehh sam smith is so much more amazing c'mon bethany
0	double eviction night tomorrow! a week of big brother in just one night! gotta see it tomorrow! bb17
0	zac brown band in november just wait on it
0	one more day of work tomorrow. then jason aldean concert!! off friday and monday. bills game friday! draft sunday. bring on this weekend!
0	good morning, start this thursday with wpop130815: naughty boy feat sam smith - la la la ;
0	juanitasvga i picked naruto, i'm gonna go see it tomorrow lol
0	happy 40th birthday to one of the most dependable human beings i know. may your light never go dim my big brother and friend audu!
0	this work day needs to be over vacation starts tomorrow! first stop jason aldean with my sisters and roommate raeanne_xoxo brittie514
0	sallieanng u2 i went to 2 zootv gigs at the mcg 1 gig i was 4th row i was so close to u2 i was 25 my voice was gone yelling at u2
0	i have 2 tickets for zac brown band this saturday. great seats just can't make it anymore. gonna sell for less than what i paid. 6095139561
0	boko haram has a new leader and he may be willing to negotiate: chadian president -
0	the 10th hole seems to be a good birdie hole. dustin johnson birdies the 10th, his 1st hole to move to -1 pgachamp
0	see that dustin johnson is a co-leader right now. will take him serious if he is in top 3 on the final 9 sunday pgachampionship
0	shinsnipes naruto of course. i'm on like my 6th damn time watching sao it's just soooo damn good
0	republican presidential candidate carly fiorina ripped donald trump's incendiary remarks about megyn kelly on friday night.
0	this dustin johnson start is going to be even better when he blows it on saturday or sunday.
0	tv ratings: 'big brother' leads wednesday; 'mr. robinson' steady-ish on nbc: the cbs show again tops the night...
0	i'm excited to see sam smith on saturday with loml kels_cee
0	dustin johnson will be awesome until he needs a 2ft putt on the 72nd hole come sunday. folds like a lawn chair under pressure. pga
0	dustin johnson leading during the 1st round of a major...stop me if we've heard this before
0	gradedcoder hi, we have decided to move all efforts to upgrade moto g with 4g lte (1st gen) directly from kitkat to lollipop 5.1. thanks.
0	it's thursday and dustin johnson is crushing it at a major. all is right.
0	dustin johnson might be the best thursday golfer in history. he has to finish a major on top eventually. has immense talent.
0	dustin johnson sure knows how to get an early lead on thursday, he just can't hang on to that lead on sunday
0	dustin johnson must b the best opening 18 player at a major ever, wonder if he'll ever manage it down the stretch on a sunday though?uspga
0	there are perks of being an oakland raider. one of them: ice cube takes care of you. on wednesday night, the...
0	dustin johnson has a lead in a major on thursday, because of course he does:
0	sharknado is the best movie ever, but april has got to go. aprildies
0	"it's aug. 13th and the division-leading jays will look to david price for their 12th straight win tomorrow." imagine hearing that in april.
0	david price going tomorrow for a franchise win record? sounds good.
0	in honour of ice cube i'm smokin 2 blunts and drinking an old english right before watching the movie straight outta compton tomorrow.
0	dustin johnson would be the greatest golfer in the world right now if he could play the weekend like thursday and friday in majors
0	it's the rd 1 dustin johnson show rearing its head again at another major. he leads by two, but sat and sun will tell the tale pgachamp
0	i liked a youtube video relive the buildup to brock lesnar's clash against roman reigns: smackdown, march 26,
0	boruto naruto the movie comes out november i need to catch up real quick
0	dustin johnson rolls to a thursday clubhouse lead in a major, of course: perhaps it's a good thing dustin john...
0	bluejays going for the franchise 12 straight wins tomorrow. david price pitching against the yankees. that'll be an unbelievable game.
0	tonight we're seeing lee bryce and they're already trying to get me to go with them to zac brown band on saturday
0	dustin johnson back on top in 1st round of a major can he hold on this time
0	just saw live scores amazing effort from dustin johnson to be back in 1st place, not surprising tiger with a 75
0	friday starred ice cube and set it off had dr dre in it, so this nwa: straight outta compton biopic will be a walk in the park.
0	may allah give victory to the muslims over the oppression of the zionists, raafidha, khawarij, crusaders! ameeen!
0	wish i was going to see sam smith at the toyota center tomorrow
0	come join us for friday night nirvana red square party center i'm there playing from 7 to 9, come hang with us!!
0	if anyone would like to surprise me with some sam smith tickets for monday, that'd be great. plz and thank you.
0	haaroldxx bracefacehansol kpop is a whole music genre. it's actually very popular.you may not know what it is, but tons of other people do
0	smmerritt8 dropitlkeitzhot i'm making a surprise day long visit tomorrow shhhh (what do you want from dunkin bc dad said munchkins)
0	if you could win a golf tournament on the 1st day, then dustin johnson would have 9 majors by now.
0	dustin johnson again proves he may be best golfer on the planet on thursday friday and saturday... just not good when matters most. sunday.
0	bloody hell, ok so in 3 days thats mad max, big hero 6 and naruto: the last. now about to watch the lego movie, think i may od on good films
0	scalpium moto g is a great phone for the price. it does everything people do on their phone for 1/3rd of the price of a iphone and s-number
0	i fucking love seth rollins and would be so happy if he walked away with two belts next sunday.
0	sam i just realized i'm seeing sam smith tomorrow i'm so in love
0	chambleebrandel hey bc watching gc if dustin johnson had won a few of those majors , he would be no worse then 3rd in rankings , he's solid
0	no matter how painful it may be, doing your best will open a path (naruto)
0	you definitely wanna check in tomorrow for thecruzshow, ice cube will be talking to us! 5-10 am only on power106la you already know!
0	i really want to go see sam smith in austin this saturday
0	ant-man was high on my list to see, but didn't get the chance until tues night. it was such a fun movie! ant-man v falcon...classic!
0	anyone going to zac brown band that needs a spot to camp? sunday night?
0	does anyone want 2 tickets to the kenny chesney, jason aldean concert on saturday? good seats and very reasonable price
0	keyzee_123 the latest player to join the bluejays as 14 is david price, he signed with the jays on the 30th of july :) hope that helps!
0	stars aligning for fiorina?: carly fiorina rolled into iowa on thursday with a new status: surging presidential contender. news
0	i look forward to sunday's big brother so we can find out exactly what the actual fuck just happened in that double eviction episode. bb17
0	kd9512 the great troy tulowitzki, the great david price going friday.
0	the title track off of the october 30th 'if i can dream' release has been exclusively premiered by rolling stone....
0	find out how ice cube changed the world with straightouttacompton in theaters tomorrow!
0	friday treats! entire album from nrateliff &amp; the night sweats at rolling stone now for you to stream. go!
0	taking pops to go see straight out of compton tomorrow. knowing his favorite rapper till this day is ice cube.
0	i feel like dustin johnson always has the lead early on and ... well you know
0	you may not know it, but carly fiorina can gush over islam darn near as good as obama.
0	can it be thursday already i'm trying to watch the new naruto episode
0	song 2 friday by ice cube just came on and automatically started rapping it haha white ppl aren't ready!
0	i have an extra ticket to a sam smith concert tomorrow at 8. anyone wanna go with me????
0	i loved going here for friday prayers eid was something else here
0	ice cube please make a another friday. do it with dae daes character smokie, and yourself. pretty pleasecube vision
0	rayvonowen i thought your mash-up of katy perry &amp; frank ocean was brilliant. that may have been my favorite song of the night! youkilledit
0	my manga phase started in 3rd grade with naruto and honestly i don't think it's ended
0	sofla4lyf prolly sunday. i feel like this movie will be crazy. you know the ice cube actor is actually ice cube's son?
0	frank ocean is a lyrical genius! fuckin poet! he may not be the best entertainer but my cousin can write some deep shit!
0	friday mubarak to all muslims all over the world.
0	remembering how normal it was to see ice cube at our high school all the time sat right in front of him at a play too lmao
0	i want dunkin so bad, i don't think i can wait until tomorrow.
0	thank you very much dustin johnson. 1st round leader never in doubt!
0	going to jason aldean sept 19 with blueeyedblond5 cant wait! jasonaldean countryconcert
0	new iron maiden single? well alright then, thank you friday
0	injoshitrust in october they are releasing both the last and boruto in english.i love when hinata was basically like "fuck you naruto" lol
0	happy independence day to all and jummah mubarak to all muslims in pakistan may you celebrate it with great zeal and zealot
0	marvelguy love winter soldier. incredibly close 3rd cause of its ramifications on the mcu. but i had too much fun with ant-man.
0	new iron maiden video capture my children gaming history. have alook at this video earl robinson i think you may...
0	pensandblues may still be out there (avengers). am looking forward to ant-man and heard it si totally awesome!
0	happy independence to all the people of pakistan. may allah keep pakistan in his protection and muslims too.
0	banging on the rollingstones on a friday night with applemusic to start the weekend - after-hour nirvana.
0	i guess one 80s action star is much the same as any other. can't wait for chuck norris's remake of junior.
0	wyattvw happy iron maiden friday to you too
0	can your average saturday get any better , find out here! almighty iron maiden with their new video
0	when you realize tomorrow is when you will witness grace and beauty... i'm talking about sam smith....
0	dustin johnson has a remarkable record in the opening two rounds of his last 6 majors...
0	can't wait till the album on the 4 sept...iron maiden - speed of light. tsofr ironmaiden
0	frank gifford, howard cosell and "dandy don" meredith made monday night football what it is. rest in peace, guys. you were a hoot.
0	we sat down with ice cube himself to talk about his new movie 'straight outta compton'.
0	david price pitches today. a 12th straight win would set the mark for the longest win streak this season &amp; set a blue jays franchise record
0	zaynmalik blessed friday to all of us the muslims,may allah forgive us about the mistakes we've done
0	frank ocean's nostalgia, ultra is finally on spotify; it is going to be a good friday.
0	is friday, turn up and get what you deserve of life! friday - ice cube // friday ost
0	david price is pitching today for the jays. i feel a 12th win in a row coming tonight
0	iron maiden releases a new song and currently is the 3rd trend worldwide. looks like we're on the upswing, humanity.
0	icecube now i'm thinking about ice cube, especially about eyebrow. japan is almost 14th. i wanna go us to watch the movieeee!!!
0	dustin johnson took advantage of favorable morning conditions to take an early lead at the us pga championship thursday while tiger woods
0	the people in my area are just now discovering waving flag. tomorrow, we will go over chuck norris jokes for the first time.
0	i want to watch paper towns on monday pretty please someone
0	no surprise: dustin johnson had a strong 1st rd thursday at pga championship. can he sustain it through weekend?
0	concert this thursday with jhowse72 ! then hopefully get some tickets for jason aldean, coleswindell, and tylerfarr
0	jasonsobelespn espnnow tell dustin johnson that every day is thursday until monday morning, please.
0	expert analysis on the new iron maiden song after my 25th play-through: i like it.
0	i can't wait for sam smith tomorrow, i'm probably gonna cry the whole concert
0	music at citizens bank park continues with the zac brown band tomorrow night. tickets available here:
0	i have zac brown band tickets for tomorrow night as well as rascal flatts for next thursday on the beach in ac... hit me up if interested!!!
0	it was a nice experience sharing some insights on peace n notably the boko haram story with young men and women last wednesday in cameroon.
0	nindorkknight spinelessoyster i am so hyped for tomorrow, the clip at the end of ant-man was enough to get me excited
0	happy friday! zac brown band is in the neighborhood! see you soon! zbb zbbindc sedc navyyard
0	icecube gonna see it with my shorty today and my homie tomorrow. "ice cube write the rhymes that i say"- easy e.
0	fanvav this is my 3rd or 4th time sending this out to the twitterverse. first jays player to respond? david price. pretty cool.
0	i'm in bed listening to sam smith, it's raining outside and tomorrow is pay day. happy me is happy (kinda)
0	dustin johnson has a great chance to win the pgachampionship as long as there is no sunday round. djohnsonpga
0	ant-man starts tonight! pg-13. showtimes 7pm each night, 4 &amp; 7 weekends. monday matinee, august 17th., - fried...
0	on monday my next blog post "smells like team spirit" will go live. will it reach nirvana? :)
0	well i do love me some ice cube. i'll give my opinion on monday if we see it.
0	jordan spieth and dustin johnson in 2nd, it's a good day
0	me and mynameisj0ee did a popptartvision based big brother simulation and kaliopi won, this proves she's queen of everything. esma got 2nd.
0	50 years ago tomorrow. really??? why the beatles' shea stadium show was even greater than you knew | rolling stone
0	u saw it here 1st welcome to miami! ice cube and kevin hart are back in ridealong2. see the brand new trailer here.
0	scott walker and marco rubio will be on with us monday morning. you won't want to miss mondays radio show. love...
0	toddzolecki kevincooney could happen again tomorrow night - with crazy zac brown band fans
0	full house on a friday for david price facing the yankees. that's the best sentence i have heard in a while bluejays
0	david price out of the 1st. omg you guys, ivan nova is a yankee! bluejays
0	"go set a watchman still at number one." "yeah, but it's a sequel. mindfulness coloring book is totally original."
0	watching the bluejays vs the ny yankees. jays are going for their 12th straight win tonight with david price on the mound. mlb
0	when chuck norris decides to wake, he makes the sun rise. when he goes to bed, the sun sets, if it knows whats good for it.
0	what a pitch by bluejays david price, striking out texteira unscathed with yankees on 1st &amp; 3rd jays cometogether
0	david price is lucky so far...nowhere near the same guy as last saturday
0	wayward driver puts johnson off the pga pace the horn may have been a welcome sound for dustin johnson.
0	boom! another strikeout for david price! bluejays up 3-0 heading to the btm of the 4th! gojaysgo
0	so aandro comes on rangers insider and tells the listeners josh hamilton looked great in bp and then he hits a bomb in his 1st ab..genius!
0	i may be in the minority here, but i rather enjoy watching david price play for the toronto blue jays
0	the blue jays are playing very well. they're scoring runs and david price is pitching like david price. 3-0 jays with one out in the 5th
0	1st time i saw zac brown band nationals park, they opened for davematthewsbnd. 2nite, they just covered "stay (wasting time)". yay!!
0	6th strike out by david price. love the calm &amp; trust from our pitcher bluejays
0	"all our lives, we had fun we had seasons in the sun but the world that we reached" nirvana - seasons in the sun good morning!!
0	i have school by nirvana stuck in my head, along with january 28th &amp; apparently by j. cole. not necessarily a bad thing lol
0	guise! let's hang out tomorrow! i'll be going as choji. if you're cosplaying a naruto character, let's take pics!...
0	lets pray for christians who are persecuted in the world:iraq,sudan,nigeria,india,pakistan etc.may god give them strength&amp;may god bless them
0	wow! for the 4th consecutive year, zac brown band absolutely killed it. great show!
0	but here's the good news: - tomorrow is a new game - 0.5 back is nothing - david price is still a toronto blue jay
0	i don't know why but the song, staring at the sun by jason aldean makes me feel better
0	excited!!!! can't wait to see sam smith in concert tonight - austin, tx. going to be a great 18th wedding anniversary with hubby!!
0	how i spend my friday night: watching sam smith videos from when i saw him at the forum how everyone else spends their friday night: bp
0	baghdadinvest abbasnasir59 not just christians, you are in the prayers of "all of us" humans.may you stay safe and be free soon!god bless.
0	my mom and i sat in the bathroom all night jamming nirvana and painting our nails &amp; just talking. probably the best night i've had in awhile
0	wwenetwork love monday night wars, why not next due the next 10 years ruthless aggression, cena, edge, randy orton,guerrero episodes
0	all i know is i'm going to see sam smith tomorrow.. like i honestly do not care about anything else in this world..
0	is this the 1st time kpop has been nominated in the tcas? even if we don't win, isn't that still an achievement we should be proud of!
0	so should be a great article based around my new book, my time on big brother and our work with the poor in tomorrows wales on sunday paper!
0	aaqibafzaal pakistan may be an islamic country, but der are a lot true muslims in india who love their country and can sacrifice all for it
0	on 15 aug 2009, u2's 1st uk gig on their current tour broke the attendance record for a wembley stadium concert with over 88,000 spectators!
0	i'm happy to see them both take a stand. sometimes the "oh c'mon!" cry from other christians is what's needed to...
0	nothing like starting your saturday morning blasting u2's where the streets have no name, driving as the sun comes up!
0	agree. celebrate it like diwali, eid and christmas.
0	can't wait to see zac brown band for the 2nd time tonight!
0	janet jackson &amp; luther the best for saturday cleaning
0	iron maiden tours video game history in 1st new single in five years. the graphics and feel of the games is so good
0	yesterday was a great day!!! i felt like ice cube in the movie friday "today was a good day". i got one of my...
0	i'll use a more recent example. when was the last time you got excited about a "new ice cube record?" by most standards he may be top 25 oat
0	i thought it was pretty impressive i'd been to 7 zac brown band concerts until the people next to my parents were at their 28th
0	bring on the housemates! celebrity big brother kicks off august 27th 9pm exclusively on tv3!
0	salt &amp; pepper are 2 great spices one makes you thirsty! by the grace of god may we as christians be sweet &amp; salty 4god!!
0	marvel kicks off the presentation! alan horn starts by praising ant-man's 1 opening, which he says is marvel's 12th consecutive 1 opener.
0	janet jackson will be in the queen city on friday, september 18th at the pnc music pavilion! are you ready?
0	continuing to bond with the offspring via marvel movies with another superhero saturday thanks to a very funny ant-man. fb
0	even with the loss of the 5 dudes, i think we'll feel better about hamels in december when the dodgers give david price $200 million.
0	jackie bradley jr. becomes the 8th player since 1914 to have 5 extra-base hits in a game. first since josh hamilton on 5/8/2012.
0	undertaker vs brock lesnar kesho sunday wah... this is the fight of the century now .... i need to see the...
0	sat alone downstairs in the dark with sam smith on, might grab myself a beer or vodka as well. living life to the maxxxxx
0	would love to see dustin johnson make a huge charge tomorrow, he's got the game
0	ice cube is like 7th on my greatest mc list and he is 2 in my diss records list.
0	ice cube's son better be in the new friday movie
0	when i was in 8th grade, all i wanted to be when i grew up was the lead singer of a nirvana cover band.
0	phvegas good evening planet hollywood happy saturday to you hi may i ask if your going to be selling any janet jackson unbreakable tour t
0	come meet with the family of christians tomorrow at grassy church of christ in arab,al. bible study at 10-preaching at 11! churcfofchrist
0	jen meehan becomes the 9th official iron maiden by successfully completing one repetition of the pistol, pull up...
0	i just sat here and cried to frank ocean...... its been a while since that happened
0	unpopular opinion but i don't get the hate for u2 or nickelback? they may not be the greatest ever but i like both.
0	playin dead island with iron maiden blarin thru the speakers....good saturday :)
0	it's a sunday; a day that a lot of christians will go to congregate and worship god. thought of the day,"...
0	brock lesnar will be facing the undertaker on august 23 make sure not to miss all you wwe fans out there.it could be the best match ever!!
0	i'm home alone watching the big brother live feeds on a saturday night killingit bb17
0	i would love instead of the miss usa pageant, we would have like a miss sat pageant
0	if kanye, frank ocean, and drake all drop albums on the same day, the internet may never recover.
0	back from ant-man for the 2nd time! love that film.
0	but on the real there may never be a bigger rapper/activist/filmmaker/businessman better than ice cube...
0	itsnotz may be unpopular opinion but ice cube was the one with the lyrics.
0	finally got around to see ant-man and absolutely loved it. nice way to cap off an eventful saturday.
0	one thing though: when they show ice cube wiring the script for friday... that was inspiring as hell. a lot more tomorrow.
0	happy sunday to all christians all over the world . we sing hosanna to our almighty god .
0	even tho i finished the manga, anytime i watch naruto that shit gets me emotional. i've been read/watching since 4th grade fam
0	i really like the way josh hamilton is swinging the bat. more bat speed. even though he k'd in the 3rd, he made some violent swings
0	good morning 2 all my followers &amp; fellow christians, may god go b-4 u n everything y'all do on this sabbath day!!! i love u all beloved!!!!
0	im siltitng in my room the sun is rising outside my windwo and im laughign at my fucking naruto joke
0	itsnotastar took my son to see ant-man yesterday and the forceawakens trailer played before. 1st time seeing it on big screen. awesome
0	montamania doing the hulk hogan intro before his 2nd round tko! great job last night....
0	great story about sam smith on cbs sunday morning...sam talked about how his success came when he exposed his...
0	to watch big brother is the only reason why i wake up on a sunday
0	hi all, if you are anywhere los angeles, and are free on friday, we need u2 fans for on-camera interviews. see prev tweet
0	last minute but does anyone want to go to sam smith w me tomorrow :-)
0	dustin johnson doing it again on a major sunday. unreal.
0	dustin johnson looks like he really wants to be on the not top 10 tomorrow. any press is good press, good looks
0	my twitter feed just blew up with the fact paper towns is out tomorrow
0	and just like that, an opening hole quad from dustin johnson. best thursday/friday major golfer ever.
0	watching dustin johnson on saturday and sunday is amazing. the guy just can't do it. ever
0	everyone desperate to see paper towns tomorrow - seen it!!! so good tho hope you all enjoy it if you haven't seen it already it's amazing
0	for those of you watching paper towns tomorrow... it is awesome and do not (i repeat do not) bring young children
0	next time dustin johnson tees off on a sunday in contention in a major want him decked out in godolphin blue uspga
0	sunday let me clean the whole type of day and do absolutely nothing consists of frank ocean songs from a to z
0	tomorrow i'll be at kids club orientation and then in the pit at the sam smith concert. this makes me so happy.
0	i love kris bryant. the way he plays 3rd is santo-esque. but damn that was a nice play by herrerra
0	i'd like to thank the whole of twitter for reminding me that paper towns is out tomorrow -.-
0	may the souls of departed faithful muslims find solace in the blossom of allah, may our good deeds put down our evil deeds
0	boom! a ryan braun grand slam puts the brewers up 6-0 in the bottom of the 5th! milvsphi
0	paper towns comes out tomorrow and guess who will most definitely be going to see it once again? if you guessed me, you are correct.
0	i do the same things every sunday ... clean , wash clothes, wash my hair, cook and watch big brother
0	can't wait for raw tomorrow! brock lesnar and undertaker in the same arena?!? wwe
0	is the 12th playing down wind? because dustin johnson just hit a pitching wedge 150 yards.
0	wow dustin johnson showing some true grit after quadding number one pgachamp especially since his history with major sunday's
0	dustin johnson quadrupled bogeyed the 1st hole? at least he got it over with quick this time
0	i need to get up early tomorrow and finally see ant-man. my local cinema only has one showing and it is just after 12pm.
0	ooohh yeah i just remembered... i'm going to raw tomorrow!!!!!!! undertaker and brock lesnar!!!!!!!!! rawminneapolis
0	ajhmate hey andrew! when the new season starts--you guys need to have on audrey middleton! she was the 1st transgender on big brother!
0	dustin johnson makes an eagle on 16 to move to -13. he may not have a major, but boy is he wonderful to watch when on song. uspga
0	i'll see paper towns tomorrow with some friends, can't wait
0	some round from dustin johnson considering he started with an 8 on the 1st. another case of what might've been for him at whistling straits.
0	dustin johnson straight dominating the majors on thursday and friday and folding on the weekend. boogersugarftw
0	look for carly fiorina to take donald trump on - she may win - we shall see.
0	ajhmate yes!!!! lol. i think andy mentioned her on the july 12th show and audrey actually mentioned him on big brother too lol. loves him.
0	oh no not zac brown band with my bestie jmades30 wehatefun sunday needstructure
0	that scene with ice cube writing friday solidified so many things for me and my writing. formal training is...
0	straight outta compton dragged a little in the 3rd act but was very good. laughs, tears. and o'shea jackson jr. was ice cube!
0	may as well throw hulk hogan in the top 10 too.
0	so my crush's girlfriend is dragging him along to see paper towns tomorrow, coincidentally a film i want to see
0	my sunday blog is beautiful day. not only will you enjoy u2, but please take the time...
0	narutou_69 "thats the spirit naruto!" she smiled at him. she pointed at the sun. with a smile on her face
0	mygogi i'm thinking dustin johnson should get the 4th spot in the grandslamofgolf
0	how will i know sam smith may be the greatest thing i've ever heard
0	brock lesnar vs the undertaker match next sunday is going to be great.
0	i'm going to see paper towns tomorrow finally! ayyee
0	seeing "straight outta compton" &amp; "ant-man" tomorrow is the move.. gotta decide on a 3rd movie as well.
0	look out for the 2012 rolling stone special release 1 september 2015! 96 points james halliday. aussiewine
0	anamariecox this group is going to have a pretty awesome anti scott walker t-shirt for sale tomorrow!
0	since friday, i've been walking around reciting the lyrics to no vaseline by ice cube. it's like i'm a kid again! wait...
0	clocked in. pc on. headphones in. pearl jam, nirvana, david bowie, barry manilow (don't judge me) playlist on .. right monday bring it on
0	dabeardedxeno ya neither can chuck norris but they can both kick ass like there's no tomorrow, plus she's hot!
0	saw straight out of compton 3x this week. i can watch it again tomorrow and still be excited. gain so much respect for ice cube
0	"i'm just going to naruto and chill tomorrow."
0	we were talking about naruto,(me and my mom: she became a huge fan within past year) and i find it funny she called 1st hokage handsome x)
0	cakeftziall_ thank you! maybe this may attract more american fans to kpop? or maybe even kpop fans to english pop?
0	devotedrowbrina i hope so! i might see paper towns today and i'm going to theme park tomorrow i'm trying my best!
0	john cena vs seth rollins on monday night raw for us champion, team cena all the wayyy
0	gdgriffin squawkcnbc ask scott walker he seems to be in the game. puns always intended;-). happy monday!
0	good monday morning, my twitter followers! i'm thrilled that "mockingjay part 1" &amp; "paper towns" won at the teen choice awards. congrats!
0	it's wwe summerslam on sunday! we make brock lesnar 13/8 to take out the undertaker, who is 4/9. full odds here:
0	icymi, here is the review of motorolaindia moto g (3rd gen), a worthy upgrade!
0	begin your monday with the new iron maiden's single "speed of light" --- -- eddie is back!
0	season in the sun versi nirvana rancak gak..slow rockkk...
0	tomorrow brownbag lunch w/ bbbsmb: info session cicboston. learn about the big brother experience &amp; how you can make an impact.
0	jason aldean was the best concet of the summer for the 3rd straight year
0	boruto: naruto the movie's september 9 philippine premiere revealed! film will open exclusively in sm cinemas....
0	helped a friend setup a new moto g (3rd gen) this weekend. it's no iphone, but what you get for the money is amazing.
0	fyi, tomorrow = release date for the pumpkinnnn!!! just called my local dunkin. can you say fiend?!
0	it would have been cool if ice cube was staring out of the window at his neighbor when they showed him writing friday. heymissparker
0	straight outta compton's success hopefully convinces new line cinema to give ice cube the right budget for the last friday movie.
0	rehab alert: david wright will continue his rehab assignment with us on tuesday. game vs. bradenton at 6:30 p.m. mets
0	we'll be at dunkin again on the 29th! come on out! or you'll surely miss out! localmusic janesville
0	holy shit my brother is the coolest 7th grader in the entire world. he literally defended caitlyn jenner in front of his entire class...
0	i've said all along that scott walker's low-key style doesn't set the barn on fire but will win the day.
0	david wright maybe returning in philly, you say? makes me even more excited for my trip there next tuesday...
0	episode 39: ant-man the comics is out now to hold you over until episode 40 arrives on wednesday!
0	new iron maiden album has has 10 out of 10 reviews. i'm stoked for it now. sep 4th here we come!
0	dad: "i'll go watch paper towns with you on thursday.." yes then!
0	yaaasss hire him full time so he and seth rollins can beef forever
0	monday's aren't so bad when your friend surprises you with last minute sam smith tickets!
0	according to janet jackson's long time producer terry lewis, the album is due in october. stay connected!...
0	can't wait to see what's going to happen between the undertaker and brock lesnar on tonight's wwe raw before summerslam this sunday
0	brock lesnar live in-studio with mike and mike tomorrow is actually interesting to me. although the interview won't be...
0	monday night raw in 1 hour john cena returns plus brock lesnar and the undertaker in the same building could go wild on usa network
0	i seriously have bewn in love with sam smith since like 9th grade
0	randy orton opening the show tonight like he should be on sunday. summerslam raw -bw
0	my monday went pretty well and i am 100% convinced it's bc my dunkin cashier gave me a large when i ordered a medium
0	randy orton the fucking truth...2nd favorite wrestler behind cena
0	sheamus is going to win on sunday since he was pinned by randy orton more than once since battleground.
0	can't wait to hear the huge pop for brock lesnar tonight, despite the fact that he's facing the undertaker this sunday. raw
0	ice cube one of the gods of nigga movies. he wrote friday, players club, and all about the benjamins, not to mention his acting credits
0	if you are a real mma fan then ufc 194 will probably be the 2nd best card of the year i wouldn't put the rousey card in the top 10
0	dontbackdownanm who do you have winning this sunday? the undertaker or brock lesnar
0	seth rollins promo has been better than the first two hours of monday night raw
0	as long as seth rollins leaves with his title sunday night then i'll be happy raw titlefortitle
0	seth rollins would have been a great champion if he does all things whatever he says every monday night on raw in the middle of this ring
0	i hope that john cena wins the wwe world heavyweight champion for the 16th time &amp; seth rollins is right the future is now. titlefortitle
0	brock lesnar on espn tomorrow including mikeandmike and sportscenter. glad to see the worldwide leader embracing the "e" in espn and wwe.
0	brock lesnar to appear on sportscenter tomorrow at 9am oughta make good television. i wonder what mood he'll be in.
0	brock lesnar on sportscenter tomorrow morning. wrasslin' is going mainstream again!
0	gotta put the nirvana shirts on hold until wednesday. guess i'll try to look decent
0	tawney and i already have plans to go to dunkin tomorrow after i move in... the addiction is real.
0	chrissantos forget the yankees.. brock lesnar in the ring on monday night raw! 6 days to summer slam!
0	i think it's fair to say that brock lesnar is winning this sunday raw wrestlinginc
0	ice cube may be the realest rapper alive
0	brock lesnar's the best thing going in wrestling. there's not even a close 2nd.
0	when everyone's so excited about lady a at the fair but you just saw the zac brown band on friday
0	carly fiorina may not make it to be president but she would be an excellent secretary of state!...
0	haven't played ball in a while, definitely gotta go ice cube on a good day tomorrow at the gym.
0	that was a nice nod seeing ice cube writing the screenplay for friday. another movie directed by f. gary gray.
0	don't miss the beast brock lesnar on espn tomorrow morning! brocklesnar
0	i liked a youtube video arnold schwarzenegger and joe manganiello join hulk hogan in the ring: raw, march 24,
0	arlene_santana nice i love it arlene!! i think the good friday movie characters ice cube &amp; chris tucker love it too!
0	johncena that was golden what you said to seth rollins on monday night raw. go cena! 16x champion coming soon to you.
0	yesterday ericka n i went to the hotel where sam smith was staying n sat in the lobby for a good 2 hrs n saw 2 guys that seemed "important"
0	a very wonderful and much expected call from the super eagles handler sunday oliseh, mikel and moses don't deserve a call up for now.
0	love or hate, ryan braun is playing some fantastic baseball as of late. brewers may be out of it, but it's not because of him. justsaying
0	i support sunday oliseh 100% on this new super eagles list. make us proud boys. we believe in you. soureagles
0	spandansadhukh1 go for moto g 2nd gen, amazing phone with no bugs smooth performance and elegant look
0	short drive to work this morning with bad blood--raspberry beret--out of style as my soundtrack. tuesday gonna be a good day.
0	we hope you are enjoying pixels. ant-man will start this friday. armed with a super-suit with the astonishing...
0	i just saw last monday night raw now and johncena came and made seth rollins and the authority shut the hell up love it nevergiveup wwe
0	radio just played u2's "bad". which rarely happens &amp; is one of my very favorite songs of all time so my day may have just peaked very early.
0	i'm really hoping seth rollins finds a way to win on sunday. i don't want to see cena reign 16. no thanks.
0	can't wait to go to kidsfest with nirvana on sunday. and for a great cause jbmt1 .. everyone should get down and show support
0	emi am cait/em, the e! entertainment reality show about caitlyn jenner, premieres sunday night
0	rolling stone and the zone are the best songs on thursday
0	happy 9th anniversary to the group that brought me to kpop! continue slaying. bi6ban9
0	brock lesnar on sportscenter talking about his fight with the undertaker this sunday.... what a time to be alive
0	so the guy who just sat down beside me looks like hulk hogan from the waist up but has toothpick legs.. thanks for the let down, spongebob.
0	they shud've skipped all the stuff abt the chronic &amp; ice cube writing friday &amp; skipped to them bcoming cool w/ eazy. other stuff irrelevant
0	brock lesnar reminds fans why he can beat the undertaker this sunday at wwe summerslam.
0	ice cube made his son a movie star. now they should just do awhole new "friday" with his son playing as him
0	"if you are not entertained when turning wwe on a monday night then there's something wrong with you." - brock lesnar. i agree.
0	john kasich, a powder-blue republican, perfect for the sunday talk shows.
0	the byefelicia scene is brilliant in comptonmovie considering that it originated from friday which fgarygray directed and ice cube wrote
0	trying to sell my jason aldean ticket for this saturday. anyone want to go????
0	been on repeat all day: sam smith for the win! musicflow tuesday
0	i probs say this every tuesday but paper towns is the best film i've actually seen and it just makes me love life
0	my dad and sister will try out daredevil series tomorrow. they really liked ant-man when i recommended it to them... hehehehehe!
0	this may be best defense stluciemets can put on the field. of course it helps to have a 2x gold glove winner in david wright at 3rd. mets
0	our lives as christians may be the only bible some people read. so it's important that as christians we live it to the very best. goodnight!
0	just bought my "boruto - naruto the movie" ticket for october 10!
0	if frank ocean's next album is as good as the 2nd half of pyramids then it's going to be a instant classic
0	david wright leading off the bottom of the 5th. two walks so far tonight. let's see more! mets
0	my money is on john cena.. and brock lesnar... two of the best matches you'll get to see on sunday!!!!!!!!!!!!
0	not even 20 pages into paper towns and the book centers around the night of may 5th. i know its gonna be a good one now! cincodemayo
0	would love to be going debs tomorrow but instead il go see paper towns with my mam :)))))
0	you may be cool but you'll never be 'i share my birthday with paul mccartney' cool like me
0	connieyrankin g'evening 2 the savvy gorgeous author may ur life strive of affluent nirvana sagacious_sass
0	david wright goes down swinging on fourth ab. had a couple nice looks. just couldn't connect. he's at third to start the 8th. mets
0	well, now that big brother is on demand from when it didn't record all of it on sunday... time to catch up. bb17
0	friday morning special guest live in studio. drake white just got the opening slot on the zac brown band tour...
0	cmpuls3 he's going to beat seth rollins this sunday night at wwe suuupppeeerrslammm!!!
0	i have been watching naruto for days. help me. save me from the 4th great ninja war.
0	david wright played all 9 innings in the field for st. lucie. went 0-1 with three walks at the plate. due up 6th in bottom of the 9th. mets
0	kathielgifford when i hear the words monday night football i still think frank gifford. thank you for sharing his testimony on the air!
0	i'm going to be so ready to go over to christians tomorrow after school
0	funimation's tokyo ghoul trailer was very strategic putting from the studio of yu yu hakusho &amp; naruto &amp; bleach. put the highest quality 1st
0	sunday oliseh to pick five local stars for tanzania game: super eagles coach, sunday oliseh, has revealed he w...
0	brewers ryan braun went 2-for-5, left on base four times and hit his 23rd double of the season. mlb
0	.fgarygray interesting metatextual touch with ice cube's son delivering the "bye felicia" line from friday to the girl at the party in soc.
0	chuck norris can make a hole in the sun with a snowball
0	my friends and family knew about my crush for my 1st love in kpop. it came to the point that my school org got to know about it too. lol
0	i don't really know when i started to be interested with u2's music, but i can say that original of the species was the 1st u2 song i liked.
0	edsummit15 is an opportunity for candidates like carly fiorina to flesh out education platforms for the 1st time:
0	sat in my room, listening to the room and frank ocean.... how moist am i
0	ahh celebrity big brother, strictly and x factor love this time of the year
0	i think caitlyn jenner coming out was so important because it may have took a celebrity, but i think being trans will become acceptable when
0	1st song of my day know better --- frank ocean not my normal shit, but it's a good song
0	a solar eclipse is a sign that chuck norris won a staring contest against the sun... again.
0	hvatsal two good options, xiaomi mi4 and moto g 3rd gen, if you want dual-sim, expandable storage, 4g, moto g would be the way to go.
0	"she said 'i've got tickets to iron maiden, baby; come with me friday, don't say maybe.'" i rock out like a kid to this song every. time.
0	thursday peeps :) band on the run a night of music from paul mccartney!!!
0	looking forward to going to celebrity big brother launch night next thursday. hoping for some a list guests and dry weather.
0	glass of wine and some sam smith as we take in the beauty of santorini. traveldiaries 30th bdayvaycay
0	nirvana's "in utero 20th anniversary super deluxe" is out today! you can stream the entire album on spotify.
0	wweromanreigns hope you and dean ambrose beat the hell of bray wyatt at summerslam and see you on smackdown tomorrow on syfy
0	sd1874 see you saturday, you sure this prince george is the right pub hahahha
0	brewers video: ryan braun becomes mil's all-time hr leader (252) with 6th inning blast
0	i'm going to see paper towns tomorrow with kelvin and his friend who roped him into going and he roped me into it fun
0	when you realize that bye felicia from friday was a real experience in straight outta compton with ice cube mydumdass byefelicia bruuh
0	so pti had wilbon straight up making up a story about dustin johnson singing the 7th inning stretch last night with no correction, cool
0	hope you had a great wednesday. time for me to watch big brother. yes i'm addicted - i admit it. denise goodnight
0	miketothemee you got it, brother! tune in sunday to summerslam where i think the undertaker gets revenge on the beast brock lesnar!
0	sduncovered my bag got checked at the edwards mira mesa this past saturday. i was going to see "paper towns." :p
0	i can't believe i'm going to see frank ocean this saturday yasss
0	it's wednesday night, which means an hour of big brother and live commentary with rwesturn. it's how we roll.
0	can't wait to see jason aldean, cole swindell, and tyler farr with jennalyngordon! september 3rd needs to get here!!
0	holy crap! watched johncena 's promo when signing the contract to face seth rollins. wow! "this sunday, i'm gonna make you mine" (bitch)
0	ok folks! it's on! football review tomorrow on wpeh. friday evening is the davis-mcgraw tailgate show. then thomson vs jchs! nirvana!
0	i don't get the panic at all. still in playoffs still david price pitching friday still great lineup still lots of games left bluejays
0	so, i get to work the jason aldean concert this sunday at riverbendpnc ! find me at the nashcincinnati booth!
0	we will be part of a signing with legendary wrestler, hulk hogan on october 11th!! we are accepting items and...
0	sam smith tonight hoping tomorrow's gonna be a better day :)
0	my mom has intel that caitlyn jenner goes to the starbucks down the road every morning. my brother is pleading to go tomorrow. that's my day
0	idf15 is to techies what religious retreats are to christians. sure it's fun and sure you feel a bunch of stuff, but there's work tomorrow.
0	excited to be a part of the battle of big brother vs little brother tomorrow afternoon. going to be fun. call sheet is loaded and ready 2 go
0	frank ocean playing omg it's like november already
0	there is no such thing as global warming. chuck norris was cold, so he turned the sun up.
0	happy birthday to my dearest big brother. may continue to bless and protect you. love you always.
0	congrats to ryan braun on setting the franchise mark for career home runs. congrats also to k-rod for his 30th save of the season.
0	they should always be included in our prayers. may allah give them the strength and power to vanquish boko haram.
0	the intruders are coming.thebachelorau is turning into big brother. bring on the friday night games. bachelorau
0	strikebuys hey thank you so much for your help moto g (3rd generation) delivery expected by fri, 21st aug'15 your item has been confirmed
0	like rugby, iron maiden and ale? course you do! we have ironmaidenbeer at rodney parade beer festival this weekend! start fri 3pm!
0	counting down the days for rolling stone pool side party!sat 22 august 2015 at 3pm
0	datablitzph hi! have you already stocked up for naruto ultimate ninja storm revolution for ps3? planning to buy on saturday.
0	astroscounty i hope he's ready for brock lesnar on sunday.
0	i'll see hozier live on september 21st and sam smith on the 22nd lifeisgood
0	new video! playing a lovely passengermusic song 'rolling stone' in the sun passenger acoustic
0	who's ready for jason aldean tomorrow at klipsch music center?! **follow us, like &amp; tag 3 friends along with...
0	our connect event is sept 13. come for worship, food &amp; connecting with christians at uwaterloo. all are welcome!
0	oh my god the video is out tomorrow the first video after zayn left one direction is out tomorrow dig a hole and throw me in there
0	funniest part of soc was when we saw ice cube working on the friday script laughing to himself like a straight nerd lmao
0	berillicious you are in the bestest of places, no doubt! may your children become the bestest humans and muslims and
0	stanleybentu great news indeed!the victims of boko haram deserve the verg best.may god speedily bring an end to their plight!amen.
0	prince george's county was not absent on the list of the baltimore sun's 50 most beautiful places in maryland!!...
0	very excited for wwe summerslam paperview this sunday. man i really hope the undertaker tombstones brock lesnar back to the ufc
0	super eagles head coach, sunday oliseh has come out with a sensational story that might explain his reason to...
0	jason aldean tomorrow night will be the best concert of the year hands down
0	sartorial_kai lordxreshead na if they know wa good for them it will be like ant-man, mar-vell would give carol danvers the mantle
0	wwerollins comin to the wwe show nov 5th.could you sign my new seth rollins tshirt, if not i'll get wwenoble on you! thefuture
0	the tigers ended last season with max scherzer, justin verlander and david price in rotation. they will start randy wolf on sunday. wow.
0	i might have a pair of janet jackson tickets to giveaway friday morning on the river 100.5 fm. i'll update you...
0	anyone wanna see jason aldean with me sept 17th?! got an extra ticket!!!!
0	what a huge match tomorrow in the us amateur quarterfinals -- ncaa champ bryson dechambeau vs. british open 54-hole leader paul dunne.
0	proper throw back thursday playing frank ocean in the pub, so happs rn
0	omg.omg. can't wait guys,it's tomorrow!don't think about how zayn's not there.it's his fault,not ours!remember that. dragmedownmusicvideo
0	hasmeen_morales did you see it's gonna be kanye on sat instead of frank ocean ?
0	bummed about frank ocean but this is soooo exciting!
0	fengxii nobody takes away from ice cube because he wants to make a third friday movie, he's earned it! likewise, knuckles.
0	going to see jason aldean tomorrow with the best friend. kinda very excited.:
0	tim mahoney performs u2 with a full band tomorrow night at pioneer place! this is such an awesome concert. there...
0	"straight outta compton" was so live the fact that they had ice cube actually rehearsing his lines for friday ..
0	ready to see the rematch this sunday. the undertaker vs brock lesnar. gonna be a classic!
0	updating tomorrow but i won't be on twitter much. i love you all and stay gucci if you need me text me. itsbrandonloyal miranda_ibf
0	deadlines are overrated. sometimes process needs room to blossom. looking forward to the final piece, frank ocean.
0	icecube finished watching it for the 2nd time! i got nothing but respect for you ice cube!
0	payton2310 the iron maiden in the 7th race i've seen a bunch of times. really good horse. big closer
0	i'm going to an angels game tomorrow, but i'm not a fan. it's a great thing david price is pitching tho!!!
0	jummamubarak to all muslims, may allah grant us a chance to offer jumu'ah prayer in the shadow of kaba...!
0	hella forgot, it's thursday therefore there's a new episode of naruto on hulu therefore it's lit
0	mo_s10 hoping i'm covered but the 7th race is a single in a 13 horse field haha. i've seen him win though. iron maiden is a good horse
0	i'll just watch the 2nd last eps. of naruto before i watch this new one
0	thesammysworld go with moto g 3rd gen best phone at this price :)
0	poptv 1st time watching big brother bb17 has me hooked. if vanessa doesn't go i'm done! want to see her walk in the juryhouse awkward
0	shonenjump420 may be the best pic of naruto
0	kickin the friday off with a gem of a jam disclosure ft. sam smith, "omen" this is gon be a classic
0	you would think being the first music video without zayn, it may not do so well, but in reality it's freaking awesome dragmedownmusicvideo
0	wickedaf dont omfg well. i only came back because naruto hooks up with hinata and the 2nd gen is cute.
0	zayn's voice: c'mon guys you can do it, nobody can drag you down. dragmedownmusicvideo
0	the boys have this christmas concert in san jose in dec. that i might go to...i feel like zayn will be back in the band by then
0	hey john, i'm the guy from rsa and i just wanna wish you a great match with seth rollins on sunday at summerslam and i hope you'll beat him
0	pinoy big brother celebrates it's 10th year on air! happy 10 years, pbb! pbb10years
0	i can tell you one thing, macs may have their downsides, but that os is as solid as chuck norris flexing his butt muscles
0	i also like very much the fact that george osborne's 21st birthday cake was a replica of magdalen college lad
0	do you remember paul mccartney? that young, up &amp; comer that kanye west discovered? he's playing the acc on oct 17th! tix on sale next friday
0	poshpointy chuck norris once stared at the sun for hours... the sun then blinked.
0	if anyone wants to take me to see jason aldean tomorrow for my bday you'll be my bffl :-)
0	i saw paper towns on wednesday and i really loved it but i was a little disappointed in how margo was portrayed in the movie....
0	this will be big news back in new mexico...nm's own holly holm gets a shot at rousey and the title.
0	last day in this factory, and frank ocean rumors. happy friday boys
0	mattbowenthw dunkin is the more sensible option. while it may not always be a party in your mouth, it certainly is a cheaper thrill lol
0	harry is so cute and i love them all and i love dmd but i can't help crying watching dragmedownmusicvideo the 1st time bc zayn's not there.
0	i may have 2-3 tickets tonight for jason aldean. if interested please stay in touch !
0	chris archer (tb): 4th rays pitcher with 200 strikeouts in a season (joins scott kazmir, david price &amp; james shields)
0	i love how the video came out august 21st. zayn is always making his presence known.
0	gma broke the story for rondarousey fight. as if rousey couldn't get cooler, she is bringing mma mainstream
0	should i force my dad to go to the cinema with me and watch ant-man (that would be my 2nd time watching it) (i missed the post-credit scene)
0	may god bless you big brother for your plans. a home for 20 families. mabuhay kayo pbbabscbn abscbnchannel2 abscbndotcom
0	drake white and the big fire. tonight and tomorrow at citifield with zac brown band. they go on at 7p. don't...
0	block party is on got the kids dancing its a good friday yo..as ice cube wud say "today was was a good day"...
0	teairablair hair,it's downtown on 10th st.gucci &amp; dani does nice hair
0	tbh. drag me down music video was so good that i didn't notice zayn was missing until the 4th time i watched it
0	my hope is that john cena fighting seth rollins this sunday is a result of the whole unexpected cena meme that's been happening lately.
0	zayn, i just wanna see you winning grammy on this very first debute album. c'mon, just introduce a new genre of music called zop or zquadom.
0	johncena i hope you make history sunday. show seth rollins what being champion is all about
0	tomorrow night i'll be at citi field with the zac brown band. anyone want to hook up a meet and greet for your...
0	"bad blood" drops next friday! hyped! theghostisneartour is in gettysburg tonight, so come hang! victoryrecords
0	somehow managed to lock my keys in the car this morning at dunkin, happy friday :-)
0	the sun starting coming out from underneath the clouds and beautiful day by u2 started playing on the radio. sometimes life just cooperates
0	my otratoronto seats were in the section where zayn sat for most of wwa . if i had been there last yr i wouldnt be alive to tweet this
0	as part of the continued offensive operations against the boko haram terrorists, troops of 7 brigade friday...
0	fans of theresa may shop at topman and enjoy jim davidson, as do fans of george osborne, who also really like the movie the interview.
0	its the 1st video without zayn and its still perf dragmedownmusicvideo
0	it's friday and time for the freakinweekend fridayvibes music janet jackson - got til it's gone (dr. mad remix)
0	yes, we are to let people see the glory of god working through us. shine on christians.
0	foo fighters are here tomorrow! join us for happy hour before the show at gate 1 from 5-7pm. $5 cocktails, $4 beer, $3 sodas/water
0	personally i would have loved to see rousey vs tate iii, but dana just announced... rousey vs holly holm on january 2nd for ufc195
0	i want to trade an ant-man fig for this yellowjacket. all from collectorcorps june box. tweet if interested
0	happy sabbath day to christians all over the world from tomorrow saturday to sunday
0	it's a foo fighters friday on 933 the wolf.. fast freddie has your chance to win tickets all afternoon. when you...
0	duresport jesnowden yes truly. oh and rousey really is a world class judoka for all the comments about 3rd place.
0	still can't believe there was a scene in straight outta compton about ice cube writing friday and saying, "this script is funny!"
0	congrats to johncena on his 500th makeawish. on sunday he grants his 501st when he lets seth rollins pretend to be a main eventer kayfabe
0	if anyone wants to hook me up with dunkin on thursday that would be fantastic- i'll even pay you
0	terry collins: "we are certainly right now ... expecting [david wright] to be here monday." that means the series opener in philadelphia.
0	friday afternoon trip to the mega liquor store is about as close to nirvana as a 30-something guy can get
0	excited for the 5th album and zayn's album mtvhottest one direction
0	ryannichols7 if there's one thing i can guarantee monday, it's janet jackson worship, which i'm always here for.
0	dunkindonuts new location?, 3rd ave &amp;12th street, nyc. make it happen... east village runs on dunkin!
0	catching up on big brother since i didn't get to watch it wednesday or thursday!
0	ant-man starts tonight! runs fri-mon at 8:00pm nightly &amp; is rated pg. see you at the movies :)
0	rousey vs holm's on january 2. holms has the best kicks of any ufc woman fighter. i'll give her at least 2 minutes with rousey
0	well, you're white so you're gucci! avoid the sun though because you might get tan!!
0	lmao! byefelicia - ice cube straightouttacompton (is that where it all started and moved on into friday? lol)
0	3rd bsmn kalebcowart 0-for-10 since recall by the angels. he could get his 1st big-league hit against david price tonight angels bluejays
0	randy_team randyorton wwecesaro randy orton and cesaro are the best. they are great super star of wwe. i hope you win match sun.
0	i can't believe i'm going to see the foo fighters tomorrow!
0	u2 finished usa/school starts soon &amp; for the first time i sat down and played 6 acoustic tunes on edge's taylor bono gave my son amazing u2
0	if work today and tomorrow are any indication, the foo fighters and lake street drive concerts better be fucking epic
0	they need to make a new friday with ice cube son &amp; dcyoungfly
0	my friend is gonna see frank ocean tomorrow and kanye the day after yall imma go cry
0	ice cube's son was born. february 24th 1991. i was born february 19th 1993. he 24. im 22. we're pisces. we're perfect for each other! really
0	fantastic pitching by david price! 1st two get on and you got their best hitters coming up to the plate... no problem gets them all out!
0	hopefully zayn will tweet something tomorrow so i will be hydrated the crops will be watered children fed skin clear fingers crossed
0	all the best my champ .. i hope u will rise above seth rollins. love u
0	the foo fighters may or may not have just ruined any future concerts that i attend. that was awesome!!
0	teamrockbelong is it true that iron maiden is touring in guatemala on march 5 2016 ????????
0	with 9 ks on 109 pitches, will david price get the 9th? he's been incredible tonight! bluejays leading 8-2
0	i've got the shitternet tonight... no stream. hopefully tomorrow will be gucci. sorry guys!
0	max martin just notched his 21st billboard 1 as a songwriter. only paul mccartney (32) and john lennon (26) boast more leaders as writers.
0	finally. after waiting for sooooo loooong. paper towns is out, even though it's still midnight (normal sched probably starts on thursday)
0	only good thing about getting up at 6 on a saturday is having an extra 6 hours to ponder on mr fantasy team, kane in or out... dilemma
0	johncena i cant wait to see how you will break a seth rollins nose or her knee in summer slam on tomorrow only and triple h oh man
0	moto g - 3rd gen is here. my first android phone. lets see what the fuss is! :p
0	i can't wait tomorrow is the big day undertaker vs brock lesnar for the last time ever!! wwe summerslam
0	dang it i still need to make a folder of all my favorite pics of naruto, yibo, and bambam... i'll do it tomorrow while finishing jail.
0	1st mobile test / supply complete! mrs h was v happy with her gucci's at less than the high st price. book in lancashire buckshawvillage.
0	axas23 shaw, sterling, ox and kane may have a chance of being top class in the near future
0	david price pitched eight innings of two-run ball in a win over the angels on friday. bluejays
0	kissmyassgreendaythebest metallica,iron maiden,ac/dc,avenged sevenfold,killswitch engage,miss may i, the best.
0	their first music video without zayn and it may just be their best one yet. dragmedownvevorecord
0	zac brown band last night, billboard music festival today and tomorrow and running a 5k tomorrow morning i'm going to be dead on monday
0	nirvana on the record player whilst sitting out in the sun, so chill
0	adampeacock3 therealbozza robbieslater17 kane's best service in the 1st half came from the keeper! says it all
0	attention naruto fans! boruto: naruto the movie is hitting theaters in october. click below to get more info!
0	jp_covre no im going this september 3rd to watch zac brown band
0	i'm going to see paper towns. saturday, 22 august 2015 at 17:40 in leigh cineworld
0	our 7th and 8th graders had a blast at the "sharknado" back-to-school dance last night!!
0	i'm going to see the bad education movie tonight and paper towns tomorrow much excite ^.^
0	amazing!! 10,000 people in attendance at the religious freedom rally at the ky state capitol! may we stand as christians for america!!
0	dear lovely christians, i wish to inform you, tomorrow we got one mass 10am as we'll be submitting our parish family day collection!
0	all pumped. summerslam is tomorrow and brock lesnar is taking the undertaker to suplexcity yay yay!
0	so stoked to see the foo fighters again this tuesday
0	first time i've been called off in a while and couldn't ask for a better day to have off. plus jason aldean is tomorrow!
0	chuck norris is the only jan to ever defeat a brick wall in a game of tennis.
0	_tjayy oh, i remember that one. pretty good. the one that's your 2nd favorite is my fav from the original naruto.
0	a day without zayn is like a year without sun
0	i'm so ready for the jason aldean concert tomorrow!
0	gayathri kumar. gayathri_kumar3 have you seen these handsome katy perry images? you may wonder:
0	wweromanreigns are you ready for tomorrow? i'm ready to see you win to you and dean ambrose (you brother) theromanempire theunstabledean
0	damienmcferran stepickford although i deliberately choose my moto g 3rd generation because it had one. great link, btw.
0	as much as i love john cena and respect him as a champion i want seth rollins to win tomorrow night!
0	katy perry's last friday night is the soundtrack to my life and i so wish i was joking
0	ahlemmadani really send ur story to sm or kyuhyun they may give you a full paid trip to see them xd really that's the good effect of kpop!
0	tomorrow will be an exciting day at fbc as we celebrate baptism with 4 new christians! join us to worship god who saves us in christ!
0	wednesday's matchup will be fun now with david price vs colby lewis adamamin
0	knowing that we are going to see zac brown band tomorrow is the only thing keeping me going today. drained
0	stumpyspurs man utd may be forced to go in for kane or even austin if they can't lure bigger stars to the club.
0	this is awesome!! good for the foo fighters!
0	zayn deserves so much to be happy. i'd trade the moon for the sun if that could make him happy
0	sam smith and kasabian have been the highlight of vfest today. looking forward to jessie ware tomorrow
0	carra_bombshell he's competing against brock lesnar in brooklyn new york tomorrow!
0	ok foofighters just may be my heros today! foo fighters "rick roll" westboro baptist "church" (quotes are mine)
0	so excited to see paper towns on tuesday... is it any good tho?
0	the fact that foo fighters rickrolled the westboro baptist church today just makes me love them even more. bring on september 5th.
0	no vaseline by ice cube may be the greatest diss i've ever heard straightouttacompton
0	dave grohl i may not be in the cities with you singing word for word to foo fighters songs right now but i'm there with you in spirit.
0	carly fiorina sat with chucktodd this morning to talk 2016. see the full interview tomorrow am on meetthepress
0	pretty sure i'm going to be the only person at this jason aldean concert tomorrow who's not wearing boots or a flannel. &amp; i'm okay with that
0	this nigga in friday look like the guy who played ice cube in straight outta compton
0	saw paper towns again. still perfect the 2nd time.
0	my review of "straight out of compton" if you like ice cube, you may like his son better. plus "bye felicia" makes even more sense b +
0	watching the movie friday, realized smokey was the first one to be catfished in a movie lmao! girl said she looked like janet jackson 0_o
0	gonna listen to foo fighters and get acquainted with most of their songs besides the mainstream then i'ma move onto royal blood for monday
0	dantencer mvp mvp. 11 pitchs and the 6th pitch to stay alive. he is going to get paid bigtime.and david price wow
0	to me, zayn vs neville last december was the definitive wrestling match, after tonight it's bailey vs sasha. high spots, false finishes..
0	i can't believe tomorrow im seeing the loml's again for the 3rd time but zayn won't be there and i didn't even think about that.
0	kaponofor3 rousey and stephanie may beat her to it but i know what you mean. she's a special talent.
0	kateburning well moose is in luck, because tomorrow at wwe summer slam, undertaker faces off with brock lesnar and omg i can't wait.
0	so i bet anyone money that tomorrow john cena beats rollins and sheamus comes out and cashes in the money in the bank
0	foo fighters in st. paul with bennett on his 17th birthday. a spur-of-the-moment decision that ended up working out!
0	as if another reason was needed to love the foo fighters...not the 1st time they've made their stance known in kc.
0	sociapark think your right .. was the last friday prayer call of the past eid.
0	finally. sunday is here and summerslam is upon us. i'm ready for the cataclysmic battle of the undertaker and brock lesnar!
0	zjmandjdb may be chris knows that zayn is gonna be the bigger star than him..:)
0	"micohalili: can't spell star hotshots without the word short. go ant-man!!!
0	"zayn was like c'mon then c'mon putting his head close to me like when you're going to have a fight then he just leaned forward &amp; kissed me"
0	zayn still looks ethereal, the world is still revolving, the sun still shines bright. nobody cares :)
0	magische_schelp best: the strokes (their 1st concert in 5 years), coldplay or paul mccartney under the rain in the isle of wight festival!
0	greatness "uproxx: foo fighters rick roll'd the westboro baptist church friday night
0	and on my 18th birthday we got matching tattoos used to steal your parents' liquor and climb to the roof mtvhottest katy perry
0	the captain is back david wright is set to return to the mets monday versus the philadelphia phillies
0	on thursday, janet jackson teased more of her return to music with a photo shoot in which she looked incredibly...
0	carly fiorina: we should not repeal the 14th amendment via meetthepress very impressed with this interview!!
0	don't forget to watch paul mccartney on saturday night live tonight! retweet!
0	best news i heard all day!!! my boy from the mets david wright returns tomorrow! woooooo!
0	david wright comes back tomorrow and that's all i really care about
0	atu2comsherry my view on friday, looks like we had the exact seats this weekend, i guess great u2 fans think alike!
0	fyf fest: kanye west saves the day after frank ocean cancels: kanye west was just a few songs into his headlining set at saturday's o...
0	cubs miguel montero hits his 13th home run of the season and brings home anthony rizzo and (r) kris bryant. mlb
0	getting wwe pay-per-view tonight for 1st time in long time. summerslam will be cool.the undertaker vs brock lesnar!
0	i think frank ocean should release on november, he's music is great for the summer. ferrerorocherii xabisomkala nzame_m
0	xrvmz john cena was the love of my life ok i watched wrestling when i was in like 3rd grade
0	kris bryant 2nd homerun of the game kboom !!!
0	kris bryant just knocked his second homer of the day (and cubs' fifth overall) to give chicago a 9-2 lead. his 19th of the year. cubstalk
0	breaforsyth just what it says: celebrity big brother, new edition begins thursday, this season's theme is uk vs usa
0	to pray namaz with my kids is perhaps the highest happiest &amp; most heartening part of eid. may allah keep the children of the world healthy.
0	royal blood is here recording a bad ass new song before their show with foo fighters at dte tomorrow!
0	favorite this tweet if you want to be my date to foo fighters at wrigley field this saturday
0	watch nbc meet the press: carly fiorina - watch nbc meet the press: carly fiorina: we should not repeal the 14th a...
0	frank gifford..born aug 16, 1930 to aug 9, 2015..football will never be the same to me without frank
0	mets can't wait to see david wright tomorrow. take it easy david. we want you around. welcome back.
0	not sure if i should keep going or just go home and get ready... for this sunday night with john cena at wwe suuuuuperslam
0	kris bryant is on fire homering twice, finishing with three rbi and four runs scored in sunday's 9-3 win over the braves. cubs mlb
0	wwe johncena wwerollins john cena will be the champ for the 16th time
0	people always wanna be the next mj, the next rousey, i just wanna be the best me. i may go further than those so why limit myself?
0	you may have seen this but john cena has given his 500th make a wish gift for a kid. my hat is off to you mr cena
0	janet jackson - "no sleeep" feat. j. cole can't wait to see this live unbreakabletour october 25th where are you?
0	the foo fighters rick rolling the westboro baptist church may be one of the greatest things i have ever seen
0	i see john cena going for his 16th title!!!! summerslam
0	randy orton vs. sheamus to start the show. interesting choice. crowd may turn early?
0	finally watching paper towns tomorrow, it better do the book justice
0	news alarm: david wright (3b - nym) david wright (hamstring) is upgraded to probable for monday\'s game against the phillies.
0	chrizzle2times i'll be there during the week and imma get gucci for 6th !!
0	is it tomorrow night yet? i'm ready for david wright.
0	500 wishes?! wow. john cena is literally one of the greatest humans to walk the earth. 1st class all the way.
0	i remember getting super excited to watch naruto on cartoon network when i was like in the 4th grade
0	if this is happening halfway through the show, john cena is not winning his 16th world title! rejoice! summerslam
0	seth rollins rolling in with a strong saturday night fever feel.... summerslam
0	myb get able for a crimson debut with their 2nd symbol teaser! | oh! kpop stars celebrity news...
0	listening to nirvana at 2am on a monday morning while eating noodles. i don't know about you but i'm doing life right
0	john cena!! for the 16th time! summerslam titlevstitle
0	fact:this is the 5th straight yr john cena is in the wwe champ match at summerslam! he has also lost 4 consecutive title matches!cenation
0	seth rollins may be a 'coward' or a 'sellout' but he is definitely an awesome little ninja! summerslam titlefortitle cenavsrollins
0	wwe summerslam seth rollins has become the 1st in history to win the ustitle &amp; have the world heavyweight title at the same time
0	guess who's going to see foo fighters on tuesday!!!!! (me)
0	numericalnicola john stewart vs john cena tomorrow night on raw! i demand it!
0	seth rollins becomes the 3rd man in history (goldberg &amp; booker t) to hold both world championship &amp; united states championship summerslam
0	i'd love to be here and keep rolling on the floor laughing about john cena... but my driving test is tomorrow so a wwe network replay it is.
0	seth rollins def. john cena to become wwelinear champion for the 4th time! rollins ends cena's 16th reign as champ!
0	david wright returns to the 1st place mets tomorrow. life is good.
0	strightup2 we as christians may loose many battles but christ has already won the war and in the end we all win and our inheritance awaits
0	allie_davison team undertaker right here. thinking we may see kane tonight though.
0	[event] kpop fun run - after party september 5 | quirino grandstand gates open at 4pm experience the outdoor...
0	seeing undertaker laugh at brock lesnar may have been the greatest thing i have ever seen! brockvstaker wwe summerslam
0	brock lesnar vs undertaker at wrestlemania 32 will be announced tomorrow night on raw. garauntee it! summerslam brockvstaker
0	fhnixon might have been. i guess we will see tomorrow. how about seth rollins tho? amazing match. gets better and better!
0	christohhh70 wwerollins i can't wait for raw tomorrow. seth rollins is going to ask for a statue and he deserves it! he is the future!! :)
0	the twins are practically giving away tickets for the game on september 1st vs the white sox. $6 for skyline view seats!
0	this may be the fashionista in me (shaneismrx) but comradeoftheday is also bestowed upon new day's &amp; seth rollins' ring gear.
0	mets are on a rollll!!! and the captain, david wright comes back tomorrow! exciting time to be a mets fan!
0	i enjoyed a day of fun in the sun with this beautiful lady today. in the words of ice cube, "today was a good day."
0	david wright returns to the mets lineup tomorrow for three games. time to get hype! welcome back, cap!
0	please god, let seth rollins return to the black pants tomorrow night on raw. amen. wwe summerslam sethrollins
0	that john cena prank call video may have taken a few years off of my life. i was laughing way too fucking hard, it was horrifying. wwe
0	john cena monday night raw redeem yourself make a wish kids going to be there
0	was searching for cyberpunk style movies i may not have seen and found one called nirvana w/christopher lambert. it's weird, i like it.
0	seth rollins has always been the future and being the guy to finally beat cena just solidified his legacy 1st titlefortitle
0	just watched a teens react video on youtube where a guy named shant said he liked 'old music' like nirvana. happy monday.
0	apparently simply kpop comes on my tv. and i watched it sat. &amp; saw got7's latest song &amp; it was rly cute!
0	the song 'sunday bloody sunday' by u2 has a whole new level of real for me. after visiting the city and memorial sites history
0	celebrity big brother 2015: see the patriotic new house: celebrity big brother kicks off on august 27... fashion
0	he may be the one! mediacom salesman as he sings sam smith's solo, "i'm not the only one"! singloudxproud link:
0	kudos to the coas and the entire military 1st by leading the troops on the ground against boko haram and 2ndly for...
0	johngreen happy birthday! saw paper towns at the cinema on friday,was awesome!! love the book too (though looking for alaska still my fav)
0	finally going to watch ant-man tomorrow marvel its still getting good ratings excited
0	i don't care what others may say, seth rollins is one of the best. easily the best wwe champion in the last few years. wwe summerslam
0	im not gonna cry tomorrow i will try not to cry tomorrow bc zayn's happy now and if he's happy then im happy
0	margo from paper towns. fascinated by how she just lives d life she wants. i'm like q but i want to be like margo.
0	feeling down this monday? check out this guy who dressed as baby prince george for a week - it might cheer you up!
0	i want to attend sam smith's concert at moa arena on november.
0	i always thought prince was the 18th best songwriter of all time but it's nice of rolling stone to confirm that.
0	happy monday! the winners of our foo fighters competition will be announced today! who will be going to their...
0	check out the diary room chair for celebrity big brother! it's amazing! cbb starts thursday 9pm tv3
0	we had a blast at the jason aldean show on saturday! :) check out all the pics.
0	fuck everything, i will go see paper towns tomorrow and nobody can ruin my day
0	he also screwed john cena out of the title with a chair shot! mikeallen
0	gucci rain coat w the hood to hide my identity on this fine monday morning
0	his voice will take you to an other planet , rolling stone still gives me the chills . see you in december theweeknd .
0	fingers crossed for paul mccartney at the fnc this october. toronto is nice, but i'd like to avoid the border at all costs.
0	john kasich is running 2nd in our question who do you support for the 2016 republican presidential nomination?
0	i just want it to be tomorrow.. but till then all the ramen and naruto! believeit
0	welcome to islam family stacy. may allah bless you.
0	baker mayfield may have the starting job at ou, but trevor knight will always have that shoutout from katy perry.
0	dailymail carly fiorina poll jump from 11th to 7th might fall short of cnn's 'top ten': fiorina's rise in the...
0	take it up with senior clerics macaryos papakila izetbin3 "have nothing to do with islam"
0	george osborne parties with aristocrats and downs champagne on his 21st birthday george was born a tosser looks one
0	omg i forgot to brag, i saw the foo fighters live on friday night, it was an amazing show!!
0	so, according to my dream on november 27th i'm going to fight john cena at wrestlemania as the main event in new york. lmao
0	thesecret says visualizations come true, so tomorrow night taylorswift13 is bringing me on stage for bad blood, you guys.
0	tortured_brain hamzayusuf is a treasure. he has helped so many people come to terms with islam. he has unique gift. may allah preserve him
0	i'll just be over here begging my dad to take me to see paul mccartney at nationwide in october...
0	adamosper justinthfc84 timabel6 paulhitsheet levy left us short last season but kane saved our season. this time you may see us drift.
0	dontonyd may god look after you .ps if john cena can come back soon so can you dtnation
0	i hope there's a straight outta compton dvd extra where you see ice cube write all of friday and laugh at every joke as he does.
0	i feel like ice cube: today was a good day. not just for a monday, but all the way around. i like today very much.
0	can't wait to see wwe raw tonight, after summerslam, this is the 1st time we'll see john cena without any title around his waist
0	welcome back to the squad david wright who is batting 4th tonight. letsgomets
0	terry collins "didn't want 2 mess with top of lineup! having cespedes hit 3rd &amp; david wright 4th should be fun to watch!" mets
0	awaygivedm i wanna a zayn one to my friend cuz her birthday is tomorrow, and she loves zayn as hell , and for me +
0	happy captain america day! david wright batting 4th tonight. mets, yo.
0	cubs win! walk off home run in the 10th by the blue eyed killa kris bryant!
0	kris bryant hits a pop-up 4 an opposite field walkoff hr to win it w/ 2 outs in the 9th. a perfectly wrigley hr.
0	the rookie does it again! kris bryant delivers walk-off home run in 9th inning to give cubs win over indians, 2-1!
0	wow, walk off win for the cubs.....kris bryant hr with 2 outs in the bottom of the 9th inning
0	may your life be filled with love, joy, laughter, warmth, happiness and a bouquet of eid wishes now and forever. happy eid ul fitr!
0	this may sound silly but, everyone needs to go see the janet jackson tour. to say it's amazing is an understatement. doit
0	hey guys, kris bryant just hit his 20th homer of the season. he only needs to double that and add 10 to live up to the hype! cubs
0	can you believe it?! kris bryant and the cubs walk off in the 9th!! 5 in a row!! lester pitched great and we...
0	for the first time since april 14th, tonight for the new york mets- batting cleanup, playing third base, the captain, number 5: david wright
0	david wright in the mets lineup tonight puts such a big smile on my face. if this team is destined for october, he deserves to be there.
0	it's good to see my man david wright back in the lineup... time to be a captain and lead us deep into october mets lgm
0	i'm listening to maybe i'm amazed for the 1st time in ages &amp; wondering how i ever managed to stop being fanatic about paul mccartney???
0	i'm honestly really satisfied with my classes except 3rd but it's gucci
0	xavjos89 your also a wwe pro wrestling fan? i hope we the "feud" between the undertaker vs brock lesnar is over after sun "summerslam"?
0	tackle the monday blues with this epic foo fighters playlist courtesy of *your's truly* so ready for df15!
0	have y'all ever just sat and listened to frank ocean's "crack rock"? the shit is mad deep.
0	kris bryant sent cubs fans home happy monday, belting a walk-off, solo home run in the ninth inning versus the indians.
0	may have a slight obsession with david wright captainamerica
0	on the 25th of march can we celebrate zayn's time in the band and create cute hashtags and post funny things and really cute things pls
0	been watching/reading naruto since 6th grade, just finished the entire thing last night, man smh
0	y'all try to be nice and deceiving the way nia long was about her friend in friday who "looks like janet jackson"
0	i just got tix to sam smith on oct 5. let the countdown begin! livenation
0	cthagod nia long didn't have a problem with it when ice cube said it in friday. that's what really matters
0	raise your hand if you thought david wright would return on august 24 with the mets five games up on the nats...
0	the push for october begins and the captain is back to lead the way. welcome back, david wright mets
0	4rm houston suju's the reason i like kpop bc its wat got my sister into kpop &amp; then me, so this is for my sis
0	jrrestaino i need my baseball fix somehow ;) i saw the cubbies win their game earlier today( kris bryant walkoff hr in the 10th )... :)
0	welcome back, david wright! captain american homers in his 1st at-bat back with the mets. whiparound
0	david wright 1st at bat back from 4 and a half months of injury and he goes upper deck vs the phillies!!! welcome back cap
0	david wright baby !!! already.. 1st at bat and takes it to upper deck
0	mets 3b david wright crushed the ball deep to left on the third pitch of his 1st at-bat
0	check ignition and may god's love be with you!!! moon shot welcome back david wright mets
0	david wright sits out most of the year. hits a home run 428 feet in 1st ab. unreal
0	wow...what a way for david wright to make his long-awaited return!! :-o mets
0	should be happy david wright is back but the mets fan in me is dreading the news tomorrow that degrom has a dead arm and is going to the dl
0	woah! what a way to kick off monday night raw with brock lesnar!
0	seekingajr_ i am advising you as a brother in islam please take this on board. may allah bless you akhi.
0	now that's how you start off your 1st day back in a mets uniform david wright!! welcome back captain!!
0	you can put it in the board!! hell yes! white sox lead 1-0 on abreu's 24th of the season!!
0	david wright 1st game back and he goes deep
0	paul mccartney is playing first niagara center on thursday, october 22. i heard he was pretty good.
0	just looked up foo fighters set list for tomorrow, and i'm sooooo excited it's so perfect
0	motivational monday quote: "if you're presenting yourself with confidence, you can pull off pretty much anything." - katy perry.
0	iyield2no1 i may put off the ps4 till the star wars one. paul mccartney is coming to town!
0	my daughter begged me to take her to david wright's 1st game back in philly. guess i look like quite the bad dad now. mets have 7 hr inc dw
0	first day of kpop club tomorrow! i'm super excited!
0	john cena just gave an aa to jon stewart on monday night raw. yes, you just read that right. raw
0	but hey i have the foo fighters after my race tomorrow so i'm not complaining
0	rolfyekim welcome to the 21st century, cuz! ginger and i saw foo fighters last sunday, here's a pic.
0	wwenetwork tuesday morning raw is awesome john cena with aaaa
0	one of sportscenter stars of the night should be david wright! first game back since april 14th, hits an homerun, scored 3 runs! sc3stars
0	lomotionforme exactly! seeing undertaker and brock lesnar go at it would've been my 4th grade dream come true hahaha
0	sting , dudley boyz, and david wright all returned tonight, what a way to start the week. raw mets monday
0	what a amazing monday night raw!! epic ending so excited to see sting challenge seth rollins for the wwe championship raw wwe sting
0	if anyone wants to surprise me with a mocha iced coffee from dunkin tomorrow that'd be cool
0	someone bring me doughnut holes from dunkin tomorrow morning. i'll marry you.
0	david wright is back baby! home run from 1st ball ending with 2 for 5wrightontime 16-7 win over the phillies
0	all right red sox!!!! beat the white sox 5-4 monday!!!
0	hey fb. a friend of mine has an extra ticket to the foo fighters concert tomorrow night in pittsburgh. message me...
0	it's crazy how i listened to frank ocean again for the first time since 9th grade &amp; it's like i time skipped from 9th grade to now wtf
0	jon stewart on monday night raw is lit. 10/10, would hit american sweetheart john cena with metal chair again tonight.
0	white sox vs red sox tomorrow, cubs vs reds on the 1st, n bears vs packers on the 13th. what a good going away present!
0	i was ballyhooing kris bryant from the day he was drafted. went to reno last august just to watch him. hit his 19th hr for the cubs today.
0	comicsaquarius i may have um.. borrowed a john cena sticker from a store today and put it on my phone!!! no regrets though
0	sting returns to monday night raw and challenges seth rollins for the wwe world heavyweight championship!!! it's...
0	gosh, i just wanna wear my john cena shirt everyday. should i wear it ot class tomorrow? decisions
0	ny_mets_news david wright is the 2nd best player on the mets now
0	the foo fighters may be my favorite concert, ever. it's one of the only times i've truly "felt" the energy between the band and crowd.
0	meccalive may have just shown the world what a beautiful religion islam is
0	i still remember the day my love for gucci was born. it was my 21st birthday... the first time i heard "pillz"
0	neilwinton1 isis etc, yes. but don't forget that without islam in europe the renaissance and our own freedoms may never have happened..,
0	mother-daughter night at 1st niagara pavilion with the foo fighters :d it's gonna be a great day! ..tomorrow at...
0	islam teaches us to spread love and peace. we meet a stranger and you say "may the peace, mercy and blessings of allah be with you".
0	oh, my, 'celeb' big brother is back on thursday. time for the annual game of who the fuck are you? cbb
0	alice_tilley i want to watch paper towns! free tomorrow evening? x
0	jason aldean sunday with this beauty sundayfunday summernights concertseason2015 is not over yet staytuned4more
0	mar 25 to aug 25 zquad faced many problems,got hate,zroughts. still this fam always stood up for zayn. proud. pass it on
0	if you missed the big news yesterday: floyd mayweather v andre berto is live on boxnationtv sept 12!
0	datmanleeroy it's almost as serious as this sunday night when john cena defends the wwe world title at wwe superslam!!!
0	niallofficial hello niall i love you so much you make me smile make me better may you please kindly follow me i hope you have a fab day 3
0	when persecution scattered early christians, they "went about preaching the word." may we do likewise! (see acts8:4) reclaimthemorning
0	at the chicago concert on june 2, liam and zayn ripped off harry's shirt in the middle of his wmyb solo. it was a beautiful moment.
0	johncena well played at sumer slam seth may win the game but the real champ is here john cena
0	i'm so excited for dave grohl and the foo fighters to be in the hood saturday
0	seeing foo fighters tonight for the first time since 8th grade...so pumped grohl
0	johncena did what jon deserves...perfect aa john cena will surly be 16th time world champion n uschampion cena the legend respect
0	tomorrow is national dog day, not to be confused with national hot dog day. though if you live in the south (lots of heat), it is the same.
0	carly fiorina, as part of the presidential caucus series, will be speaking at the town hall meeting this friday,...
0	i may have two more classes today, but all i can think about is seeing the foo fighters in 9 hours
0	ice cube son and dcyoungfly should make a new friday movie tomeithink
0	for everyone who enjoyed rain with us, see paul mccartney live in detroit!
0	"i grow weary of christians who on sunday profess their love for the one who said, 'when you do it to the least...
0	ur children will treat u the way you treat your parents. fact reflect islam teaches us to love our parents. may allah grant them jannah.
0	don't miss celebrity big brother starting thursday at 9pm exclusively on tv3! cbb who do you want in the cbb house?!
0	jimboslice_32 i'd like to sign david price in the offseason, maybe add a 4th or 5th starter, and a lefty of bat.
0	acgillette btw, i'm excited a new naruto movie is supposed to arrive in the us in october! and have you watched the aot live action movie?
0	a big day at cardiff airport tomorrow for iron maiden fans! watch this space to find out what's going...
0	seth rollins' 1st superstar to hold both world+us title, but will he be the 1st to retain both titles in the same night?? nightofchampions
0	4nozha i'm a fan of music but when it comes 2 adamlambert he's my babe .that's so sweet from u dmd it's their 1st song without zayn :'(
0	asifalahore go and be their 5th member your a bitch like them anyway islam is the best religion in the world
0	can it be tomorrow already i want to watch big brother
0	the only good thing about today was the guy at dunkin telling me this morning that they'd have pumpkin coffee tomorrow...
0	see the legendary paul mccartney live at air canada centre on oct 17! on sale friday at 11am. outthere
0	zayn dedicated his 1st solo award to the boys &amp; the boys' to zayn :") 5monthswithoutzayn mtvhottest one direction
0	i'm going to see paul mccartney perform on october 13th. i can't believe it!
0	monday night raw was a surprise when sting came out at the end.perhaps he will put an end to seth rollins triple h's baby boy.
0	i'm gonna be blessed with the 5th album, justin, zayn, frank ocean (when he rises from death), adele.. i'm not stressed
0	think i might go to see paper towns tomorrow after months of waiting for it to come out papertownsmovie cinema cardiff film movie
0	i may or may not be in love with seth rollins. even before that picture tbh. anyway, back to the 'football'.
0	liamsjeansx and then it's niall on september 13, it's hard to forget!!!
0	on october 22, music legend paul mccartney will perform in buffalo for the first time ever. this has been a year...
0	brianna_lovee17 ohbleep is throwing a free show on sunday labor day weekend featuring some of the top locals at nirvana in san antonio!
0	wishing it was october so i can see sam smith already.
0	hulkhogan when you think of wrestling 1 person comes to mind 1st and that's hulk hogan
0	every tuesday after i watch wwe raw all i want to do all day is walk around sayin "my client brock lesnar!" before i start any conversation
0	the foo fighters show has a lot of diversity. in the white people that attend a concert on a tuesday night.
0	trayce thompson blazing his own trail with a triple. trayce thompson catching white sox fever by getting thrown out betwen 3rd and home.
0	thanks to onedirection and the brewers i may have stood where ryan braun has stood. winningateverything otra
0	my dad just bought him and i v.i.p tickets to see paul mccartney in october and i am so fucking stoked
0	maryam institute invites you to a special workshop on "love to stay: marriage in islam" this saturday inshaallah...
0	askamex toni, i have not. i'm only interest in applying if i can use it for a large purchase this thursday - paul mccartney tickets!
0	molsoncanamp is it true we can go to the cne for free with a concert tix? going to zac brown band sept 4.
0	just really pumped to get dunkin tomorrow tbh
0	it's going to take everything in me to not stop at dunkin tomorrow morning
0	world_wide_wob close second to the david wright video for your best work of the week, but hey it's only tuesday
0	if tomorrow my wrestling promotion was up and running, it would be brock lesnar. you need someb... wwe tna raw
0	the steelers new 2nd string qb is... john cena!
0	littlestkinglou may i have a dm with niall?:))
0	oh wow... so now we may have seth rollins vs. sting for the wwe championship title? wwe raw smackdown
0	ice cube managed to make all three friday movies different but all still hilarious
0	i loved the scene in straightouttacompton where ice cube was working on his screenplay for friday. that was so inspiring, man.
0	ice cube's son is hella sexy. i may only think that cuz i've always had a thing for ice. his son is just more, like, attainable. lol
0	as long as i get dunkin tomorrow morning i should be good for the school day
0	foo fighters have a day off tomorrow so i'm hoping i can finally meet my real dad, dave grohl.
0	brock lesnar and paul heyman... may be the only 2 reasons why i still watch wwe
0	if u could just like send good vibes for me to be able to meet shawn on saturday and win the contest that would be so cool thank u love u:(
0	thompson, white sox rally to edge red sox: trayce thompson was 3-for-4 with 3 rbi tuesday night while li... news
0	just tucked in niall !! says he wants to go golfing and then train those chicken legs tomorrow. big day ahead of him.
0	happy birthday to my dude samshoe1! jason aldean bout to be live come the 5th
0	xpbasedgod lol sounds nice, no beer for you, but i will be going to foo fighters on thursday if you are back in town lol
0	persona 4 arena may be the naruto ultimate ninja of arc system works fighting games but i still like it and need 2 pick up ultimax
0	gonna talk to the pretty girl tomorrow and see what's gucci
0	thankgod he's back! the 2nd one starring ice cube sucked big time:
0	hel o kids on thursday please be ready to hear the john cena theme every time i enter a room
0	i may have just left my dad to watch naruto alone, while i go to sleep. imhighly amused.
0	relatives of the 200 nigerian schoolgirls kidnapped by boko haram will hold a march &amp; candle-lit vigil to mark 500 days since the abductions
0	i may have only made 5 second eye contact with niall but i feel like he understands me now
0	janet jackson remembers aaliyah on the 14th anniversary of her death.
0	jeanettecc123 hi jeanette just sitting having a coffee. sunny day in the ne so far hope it is with you. off to see paper towns tomorrow.
0	from the archive - : join us as we shout at christians on monday outside parliament. weather expected to be nice.
0	shawnmendes c'mon shawn you love portugal getshawntoportugal
0	first hump day of 15/16 brought to by: dmb&amp;tim, u2 &amp; inxs. enjoy your wednesday....learn something
0	london, aug 24 (reuters) - british finance minister george osborne will take the government's campaign for reform of the european union to
0	on the 14th anniversary of aaliyah's passing, janet jackson shared a personal message
0	janet jackson pays tribute to aaliyah on the 14th anniversary of her death [photo]
0	sat in attendance with miss usa, miss teen usa and miss universe at the yankees game yesterday.
0	i'm so glad shawn is going to london, spain and more countries in europe since he has much more fans than he had back in february/march
0	reminder: paul mccartney tix go on sale monday 10am! everything else you need to know for his buffalo show:
0	omg celebrity big brother starts tomorrow and x factor starts saturday... my stay-in game is about to get strong
0	you look at some people and you see the meaning of islam. may allah make us one of them!
0	liked on youtube: moto g 3rd gen 2015 model review with pros &amp; cons
0	paul mccartney is coming to state college in october to perform live at the bryce jordan center!!! omfg *faints*
0	heads up prince george's cc (pgccnews)! get involved with itsonus today!
0	brock lesnar vs bo dallas at the msg show in october has been announced. it's like an early birthday present.
0	had a full conversation about zayn leaving one direction with my education professor in front of the whole class today. happy wednesday
0	who's ready for the foo fighters tomorrow night?! britton tavern is your pre-concert and post-concert party...
0	hey guys! we'll be closed tomorrow (27th). d'wan has been blessed with a ticket to the foo fighters concert, so...
0	hey it's wednesday so its time to take another easy to read look at a presidential hopeful. who is carly fiorina?
0	my favorite part of straight outta compton was when ice cube said friday was going to be funny.
0	pitchers to start &amp; get win on 30th birthday (1914-present): david price looks to add to this list tonight.
0	last day of the best tour i've been on. "bad blood" single falband / victoryrecords single on friday. life rules!
0	shanny9876 love her! went in december with my dad and going back to see her tomorrow with shawn! she's incredible.
0	although seeing 5sos was amazing and one of the best nights of my life. the foo fighters may have them beat
0	ice cube has framed craig as an attractive man with attractive love interests in every "friday" movie.
0	happy 30th birthday to david price! he is 3-0 with a 1.78 era in 4 starts with the bluejays.
0	i think some spurs may just be 0 betraying the abilities of charlie austin. we need a different option upfront. too much like kane thfc
0	all i wanna do is see the foo fighters saturday at wrigley....
0	ice cube is suppose to play "straight outta compton" on friday, and i'd be sooo down to watch him perform "i ain't the 1" riotfest
0	i want to go to the janet jackson concert in january.
0	hyped to watch straight outta compton on friday, do you think they'll cover ice cube's family movie phase
0	ice cube. the film the 46 year old l.a. native wed to kimberly woodruff-takes us back.
0	this time tomorrow...we'll have the iron on. iron maiden pieces drops tomorrow nights.
0	i'm listening to nirvana and drinking wine from a mug how's your wednesday night going
0	it's going to be itsyourboyr2's first time watching naruto as a weekly-episode-watcher tomorrow. join the club!
0	lashofzayn that it is a huge deal and omg zayn went there and was sat next to this valentino guy like whoa
0	only my cousin would get to go to kenny chesney and jason aldean twice lol see you friday jennaarbogast8
0	long time no see,i've been watching naruto not to spoil anything but it's so c00l and i can't wait for the latest episode which is tomorrow.
0	it's amazing to think in 2 years we could have the 1st woman president! carly fiorina will make an excellent commander in chief. nohillary
0	my mom and i may have many differences, but we will always agree when it comes to ed sheeran.. edsheeran perfection
0	niallsf i do believe next tuesday may be my first night in the seat! i'm looking forward to getting stuck in! thanks niall,much appreciated
0	eveldick look forward to talking bb17 big brother season and game play with you tonight!
0	it better be wednesday today. got my slurpee and all i want to do is relax watching big brother.
0	elvis's .455 (15-33) career batting average versus david price ranks 2nd best among 43 pitchers against which he has had 20+ pa (c.c., .481)
0	if you love me, you'll tell frank ocean to drop his album by september 14th. thanks.
0	dont miss this tomorrow: superstars ink on w/ its 1st guess, the wwe &amp; us champ, seth rollins
0	+ peed in a fancy bathroom, sat in gr8 seats, saw one direction, niall n harry loved it there, got a glow stick, a hot cop goofed off w me +
0	guys... guys.... sunday is the vmas. i recommend you unfollow me now if you don't want tweets about katy perry's awesomeness in your feed.
0	bsgorrie we're having a ball thanks. high tea booked at the royal george tomorrow. you want to be katy perry?
0	awesome, paul mccartney at the acc in october. so expensive and the people may be out of my comfortable age range haha.
0	rousey firing back at may. ha, love it.
0	i want to have a friday night like katy perry's song last friday night
0	won two tickets to the white sox game at a raffle . . . 2nd place was four tickets.
0	celebrity big brother's emma willis is casual ahead of uk vs usa cbb launch: and just a month after the 16th s...
0	wishing i could see shawn open for taylor and see taylor on the 9th.
0	toronto blue jays vs the texas rangers. david price starting pitcher for the jays on his 30th birthday. gojaysgo
0	hell yeah me and niall gonna get turnt the fuck up on saturday for liam's bday
0	watching david price against the rangers. 2-2 in the 5th. doesn't get much better than this.
0	virginradioto could you please send me to ed sheeran september 20th at the acc? he has inspired me and gotten me through tough times!
0	fly to the sky to go back after a year on september 14 | oh! kpop stars celebrity news and gossip!
0	kris bryant keeps the cubs rolling with 2 out 2 run single in the 1st! 2-0 cubs
0	niallofficial i think they may splitting up but you said like that so i'm relieved to hear! thank you, niall!
0	way back wednesday! way back song of the day... ice cube - it was a good day
0	daily mailcelebrity big brother's emma willis is casual ahead of uk vs usa cbb launchdaily mailand just a month after the 16th series...
0	brock lesnar obliterated bo dallas on monday. i just rewatched it 3x and it keeps getting funnier.
0	air mattress, no pump? use hair dryer! thanks stef &amp; shawn! floor no mo! may i rest well tonight
0	bmr378 hell yeah. i'm ready for sunday to get here. going to the white sox game. it's been a while!!!
0	yo me and sarah found the really attractive security man we saw at the sam smith concert last monday. let's not
0	hello fam i'm off work friday sat &amp; sun so if there's a day all of us could get together all at the same time that would be gucci hmu
0	coffee and catch up today with cazza2505 and then fusion fest tomorrow to see ed sheeran. so excited fusionfest.
0	gamenewcastle hey lads will you guys have the mgs v edition ps4's in stock on monday or is it online only? i want one
0	illusionarycake from what i understand the pc beta is the best, ps4 was good, ad xbox is atrocious. just got to level 2. after my 7th game.
0	there's a paul mccartney show in toronto on oct 17 and i want to go so bad
0	janet jackson led the stars who gave special tribute for aaliyah's 14th death anniversary on tuesday. read more...
0	chrisgray94 i had an amazing time in june. make sure you visit the rolling stone!!!!
0	getting super hype for the tension filled untildawn, ps4's adventure survival horror thriller which is out tomorrow.
0	happy thursday morning...it's the last day to register to win luke bryan tickets....and zac brown band "win 'em...
0	paul mccartney is coming to detroit and columbus in october!!! does anyone want to go with me??? deannaniese deannaniese maddytooman
0	today is 27 august meaning opianjh has otra today and i hope she has the bestest time ever and that niall wears this
0	i liked a youtube video from familygamertv adult minecraft? meet "the tomorrow children" ps4 with q-games
0	my 8 hour shift will consist of me thinking about ed sheeran tomorrow
0	david price got a win in the blue jays' big win over the rangers on wednesday and in five starts for toronto he's 4-0 with a 1.98 era.
0	show tomorrow wick's gc. old school queen - new jason aldean - classic rock and power pop in between. hope you can join us for the fun!
0	corvo is back tomorrow on next gen! pick up the excellent dishonored on xbox one and ps4 from tomorrow.
0	blue jays win 5th straight behind birthday boy david price: when the toronto blue jays traded for david price ...
0	happy twitter thursday djdocb capponair power99philly. can you play we be clubbin by ice cube or feel good by mase.
0	its_bmillertime because a former member of the marine corps needs your support this sunday at summer slam!! and his name is john cena!
0	travis shaw had a huge two run hr in the top of the 8th inning last night. redsox won 3-0 over the white sox. redsox
0	reshmizulphay may allah give you more eager to know about islam.
0	im really happy tht shawn won at the tca on the 16th of august im proud of him.
0	she's currently preparing for the return of celebrity big brother on thursday but emma willis was looking relaxed in edinburgh on
0	respect for mother occupies a very high position on the ladder of islam non can compared in terms of love and care. may allah help them
0	no but i need to be in a happy place by september 25th, if not i'll be crying the entire ed sheeran concert.. foreveralone
0	it's that kind of a night that you need to listen to u2 while thinking of everything that you need to accomplish tomorrow.
0	louis and harry love home sunday roast. liam loves curry, while niall loves all the food in general
0	free samples from dunkin' donuts at the ribbon cutting grand opening in dover foxcroft this weekend!
0	the weeknd rips off a mask and it's really frank ocean and frank ocean's album drops tomorrow
0	snstats: david price earns the win on his 30th birthday, improving to 4-0 with a 1.98 era &amp; 0.96 whip in 5 starts with the bluejays.
0	celebrity big brother starting tonight and xfactor starting on saturday. it was nice knowing you all.
0	when you're leaving saturday but your cousin offers you an extra foo fighters ticket...
0	waliyhaxxmalik nice... may be i don't know much about islam bt i respect it by heart &amp; i think everybody should respect the other religion.
0	can we get him to beat out the wanted atleast he's in like 15th please i love him he deserves it ed sheeran
0	wahhh i forgot the 2nd goal was so pretty in the final. saad to richards to kane. cryingforever
0	i feel like sam smith may be the reincarnation of jesus christ
0	rainbow mika is in sfv! yes! did my 1st project predict this when i had her beat randy orton for the wwe title to prove capcom a point?
0	burnin' it down- timeflies tuesday 100% better than jason aldean
0	this street fighter v beta on ps4 tomorrow. i'm ready to give someone the hands. preferably a few of my peeps part of the nax crew.
0	gotta get my copy of the rolling stone issue tomorrow and get dez to sign it... i gotta frame it
0	someone should tell frank ocean that tomorrow would be a great day to release an album
0	im actually excited to record aw on ps4 tomorrow, it been a while
0	marisha_ray as long as tomorrow is national hot dog day and saturday is national bbq day
0	itsreallyrach i'm going to the white sox game on labor day. 110pm start. free tshirt monday!!!
0	just bought tickets with sam to see a nirvana tribute band in november and i am so fucking excited
0	first draft tonight ... i don't care foo fighters on saturday!
0	drift0r i am a big fan, and i would love to 1v1 you on aw on ps4. i am on the 25th prestige( 10th master prestige) and i am pretty skilled.
0	wow! i just won this for free, friday starring ice cube, chris tucker, etc flixster vudu hdx u listia
0	if the rumours are true and hulk hogan goes into cbb tomorrow i might actually watch it.
0	alright, give me seth rollins, and give me the dudle8y boyz. c'mon, let's see them. smackdown
0	adele's new album will be released this november?!?! ummm yes please. this better be true! and she better not pull a frank ocean either.
0	pani_sukya you rest well, jun! i hope everything gets resolved on wednesday. i will direct jean your way if i see him because he is gay
0	mrvnz_ omg naruto! im hoping fma, has to be. oh myyyyyy im so excited! mine's been in aus since the wednesday, hope i get it today!
0	carissaxmendes make my heart sing like shawn by rting this
0	christianpark_ woo!! dude i thought it was tomorrow and i was like trippin but we gucci .. it was nice
0	i'm gonna call out of work tomorrow because kane turns 1 and it's a big deal catmom gotmypictureforinstagramready
0	got my alarm set so i can be up when tickets for shawn at the scstatefair go on sale tomorrow! want the best seats i can get.
0	i want some dunkin tomorrow morning
0	people need to stop getting so butthurt over the fact joi is getting to see shawn in october she deserves it so much i'm gonna be happy
0	massimo is showing me every john cena memes under the sun
0	virginradioto is it at all possible for you to hook me up with ed sheeran tickets for september 20th? he is my favourite! thanks!
0	if someone wants to bring me dunkin tomorrow that would make me happy
0	rmd_designs u2, rose. we'll talk tomorrow &amp; will whip autocad plotting into shape. it's a joy: to know a cad program well is to love it.;)
0	mgsv pre-purchased on ps4, for those of you also getting ti on ps4. looking forward to mgo in october. purchased gz as well for fri/mon
0	tonight's final: 4-2!!!! white sox win their 60th of the season. rodon wins his 6th!
0	worked long and hard tonight ahead of an intense all-day coaching session coming up this saturday with rik johnson and david wright!
0	chuck norris applauded that leg whip by the dirty cali player on the texas 1st baseman llws
0	white sox take game one of the series in their throwback uniforms 4-2. blog to come tomorrow! gomariners
0	niallofficial...for the 1st time. i will never forget tht night. hope you get to come back, soon. god bless you, niall. good night.
0	let me be the 1st to say it... you people are about to be all over this weeknd album. especially the dark times song w/ ed sheeran
0	started friday listening to smells like teen spirit by nirvana. have a nice day y'all!
0	fyi, the pumpkinocalypse has begun. dunkin's has pumpkin muffins and pumpkin coffee and you bet your ass i'm getting some tomorrow.
0	looooong day. can't wait to see niall tomorrow :)
0	at first i was worried about their 5th album without zayn but if they are all like that, wow.
0	when ostrovsky, 33, finally addressed the charges dismissed, kane did claim one victory monday, a pacific standard partner site.
0	also good news i'm going to go see ant-man tomorrow /twerktwerk
0	new wish time :) 12.00 he meets harry, liam, niall and louis and his surgery goes well
0	jam883 hi jam! can you please play stay by u2? thanks, happy friday :)
0	sayyamraghuv hi:) thank you so much. happy friday to u2:)
0	i may be forever confused by how the world works in it but i do so love the fights in the naruto series.
0	ps4 packed in shipping container from sony. dropping it off at fedex tomorrow. hopefully it will come back soon.
0	filiptepper i guess if you run android, the performance matters quite a lot ;). my wife is really happy with moto g (3rd gen) perf vs nexu4
0	really wish it was acceptable to wear my nirvana tank top to work tomorrow.
0	mighty_claw they have alot lined up, death note, naruto, ghost in the shell and so on. i'd blame edge of tomorrow, but it was actually good
0	the weeknd and ed sheeran made a song together...yep, today is definitely friday. and it will be a very good day.
0	rumors: zayn may will give awards on the vma's and 1 of them could be for the the boys! i hope it's real!
0	this may be the greatest internet video of all time. randy orton vs the avengers - age of rko
0	royal blood have announced they're gonna be playing with foo fighters next saturday! foofighters miltonkeynes
0	"tune in on september 12th it's going to be a night of great fights" floyd mayweather highstakes
0	katy perry flaunts her incredible cleavage in striking tasselled dress at broadway show: she may have been the...
0	so so happy royal blood have been added to the foo fighters gigs on 5th and 6th at milton keynes! yay
0	it's dunkin donut friday at lca. enjoy a fresh treat and cod milk in the cafeteria!
0	so happy to see that royal blood are now supporting the foo fighters at milton keynes on 5 september .. as well...
0	get in! royal blood announced supporting the foo fighters on the sunday at mk bowl, knew it was a matter of time! plonghurst93
0	pm modi won heart of muslims with his uae tour editorial, sahara urdu, 18 august 2015
0	sturobson and it has some cracking 3rd party downloadable games too. ps4 is more of a long-term console with okish games at the mo imo
0	this is a lovely post about zayn for those who still have issues with him. may make you consider things differently.
0	shawnmendes getshawntobarcelona c'mon shawn, you came to madrid in the last tour to make a little show, do the same this time in barcelona
0	now i'm talking to my big sister and she's telling me that kane's telling her he is going out on sat and i'm like yhhh i know with me
0	sportscenter tmz he should watch lil guy round rousey weight class may be a knew billie king in the making
0	ayeshaahmadjutt adaniepadanie 17th october mine. we're celebrating together thank you. i hope t2 stays after large eid. he come too
0	there are few things as humbling as being present whilst hundreds of muslims pray at the mosque on a friday. have a blessed jumu'ah.
0	armellogame i can't wait for tuesday's ps4 release! it feels like this was designed just for me. will it support vita remote play?
0	i love waking up from a long ass dream of meeting niall...........(it was so real and different than sunday morning i'm soooo)
0	fantastic four tomorrow will it be as good as ant-man we'll have to see
0	lookatnialler that was toronto i believe. i was about two feet to the left here, 4th row. when niall threw himself to the floor, wow!
0	benrector is that paul mccartney on the bass in the 2nd verse of paris? loving the new album man. you did it again. brandnew
0	as friday shines in the heart of muslims may you be among the ones who will receive the peace and blessings of!!!...friday prayers. ameen.
0	the weeknd released the new album and ed sheeran is on it. happy friday everyone
0	kingpmoney thats good to know p! im picking up a ps4 on monday along with metal gear!
0	congratulations ambrosedreamer for tomorrow as it will be her one year anniversary of making dean ambrose memes &lt;3 &lt;3 &lt;3 &lt;3
0	roll call: who's going to the foo fighters show tomorrow? i'll be there with my mom, who will tell me to ease up on the beer, justine ruth.
0	everything i do in life set to the instrumental of last friday night by katy perry
0	holy sjit i'm going to see niall dancing in front of me tomorrow
0	current person level of the friday struggle: rocking out to ed sheeran fridaze
0	just went to dunkin donuts for the 1st time
0	when you thought you had way less in your bank account to find out you're gucci.... and pay day is monday night. holla
0	josh hamilton' gonna hit a dramatic homer to clinch the second wild card over the angels
0	holy fuck if i meet zayn on sunday i'm just not gonna do anything for the rest of my life.
0	"1st i love you. 2nd you love me. three you can't say no to this handsome face." naruto's reasons for marriage. nsfanfic
0	flashback friday to pre opening for lukebryanonline can't wait to do it all again september 10th for jason aldean!!
0	win tickets to see ms. janet jackson live this afternoon with richard ryder! janet jackson live september 15 at...
0	runofplay amongst a body of work that is superlative, this may sit near the top; freedom passage is writerly elegance nirvana
0	first time ever on ptv, sufisal will be on air with u2 &amp; bruce springsteen. 8pm saturday! sophiyanjam weekendworldptv worldptv
0	next friday, we're screening the ice cube classic friday. tix just $3 damnnnnnn
0	shanghai shenxin of china forward, daniel chima chukwu has praised super eagles coach sunday oliseh for the quality of players he invited
0	republican candidate carly fiorina tweets that she is ok after getting into an accident with a deer friday.
0	maggie162 tpgmets markhimmelstein i mean, apparently he was the guy who got the mets hooked on the very cookies david wright served tues.
0	my cuz is currently listenin 2 ed sheeran at fusion festival from the comfort of her garden.found my retreat if it rains when i'm there sun
0	it's friday. enjoy this video of ed sheeran covering trap queen with the roots.
0	join thousands of christians and people of good will september 1 2015 for the world day of prayer for god's creation
0	also, tonight is david wright's 1st citi field game since april 14th. welcome home captain!
0	in dunkin today i saw 4 elderly men trying to take a selfie and it may have been the cutest thing i've witnessed in my entire life
0	im doing a cover of act like you love me tomorrow with shawn of course. im gong to try to make it the best i can.
0	quangochef iron maiden will probably keep me going until the match tomorrow night lol
0	friday night at last! hi, it's chris best with late night love. relax with some great love songs. this hour, sam smith, ronan, gabrielle.
0	ok, y'all... tomorrow i'm going to have louisa, becky, shawn, jenn and navah over for the game, wine and flip cup! billsvsteelers
0	paul rudd stars as ant-man, showing tonight, tomorrow and sunday. rated pg-13. showtimes are at 7:15 each night....
0	around this time tomorrow i will be standing in the middle of wrigley field waiting for the foo fighters to come on stage!
0	i want to see paul mccartney in october
0	happy birthday lima bean i love you baby zayn loves you happy 22nd
0	i am in a van with a group of cheerleaders singing/screaming an ed sheeran song. how's your friday night going?
0	when you're really excited that the boss is buying you dunkin after a long friday .... alexxpariseau
0	virginradioto i will be spending my friday night listening for taylor swifts "bad blood" on the 1 radio station virgin radio 99.9 :)
0	david wright gets loud welcome before 1st plate appearance at citi field since 4/14. bats with 1 aboard. mets 0, redsox 0, bot 1, 2 outs
0	david wright returns to citi field! his first ab at home since april 14th will be with 1 on and 2 out!
0	everyday is friday when you're ice cube's highlight reel.
0	nowplaying the no.1 hit of janet jackson - escapade from march 3 till march 17 at the billboard top 100 | back2_the90s
0	listening to alyankovic's "smells like nirvana" with the hubs. that's how we roll on a friday night. :)
0	kyle seager hits solo hr in the 6th! m's take 1-0 lead over the white sox.
0	i should go watch ant-man tomorrow because i really want to watch it and have yet to see it.
0	happy 22nd birthday my sunshine real_liam_payne . love you more than niall loves golf daddy ..
0	my excitement to see kenny chesney and jason aldean tomorrow is through the roof
0	johncena good night john cena talk to you tomorrow
0	the weeknd and ed sheeran mixed together is the 8th wonder of the world
0	yeah, i think i want a seth rollins shirt. cuz that's what champions do. his 1st-x-men-movie-costume pants wouldn't hurt, either. raw
0	seeing big green tractor be performed by jason aldean tonight threw it back to 7th grade homeroom with legendracer16
0	sigh. not really huge news in my opinion, but don't get me wrong i'm excited for rousey &amp; holm in australia and seeing it sooner than jan 2.
0	i've never ever won a radio contest before &amp; shawn never does them when he's in california so seeing him tomorrow makes me so happy
0	it is, we may note, the goodness and loving-kindness of god our savior that is the true model for christians in our daily lives
0	i just got a john cena vine sent to me at 12:08 on a friday what a life i lead
0	is anybody going to the radio station tomorrow to see shawn? me and my friend may go but we would like to make new friends/meet there (:
0	realtrinamcgee dtperkins23 so glad they are bringing angela back. this makes me happy i just hope shawn and angela get their 2nd chance
0	chadnotweet idk, seems like there r plenty of rousey fans &amp; not just in the us. they may not be ufc fans but they'll pay big $$$ 2 see her.
0	i did laundry and didn't lose a single sock in the process and they moved the rousey v. holm fight to nov 14. today is a good day!!!!!
0	foo fighters - my hero dedicated to the crusaders last drive............. that's what friday night's all about dog!!!
0	just want xoxoamymarie to do et by katy perry for one freestyle friday onlyadream
0	geeeemaaan alright. guess i'll watch it tomorrow then. is ice cube in it?
0	its a muslim youth. . don't forget the power of muslims. . we proud our country. .....
0	sting returns to wwe monday night raw!!! it's showtime!!! seth rollins that's a challenge for the wwe world...
0	new update liam , harry and niall will celebrate liam's 22nd birthday at topgolf tonight!!
0	dear friend, throw the wine. i'm in love with a friend of mine. really truly, young and newly wed. (paul mccartney "dear friend")
0	fixed the ui, shadow performance, audio issues on ps4. testing today &amp; tomorrow then submitting patch tomorrow if everything works :)
0	wwe sting wwerollins i'm going for seth rollins to win. sting may put up a good match but won't be enough.
0	theycallmedsp hello phil, i hope you play this game knock knock it comes to ps4 on september 10
0	soniconair please help me get tix to see shawn at hard rock tomorrow it would mean so much. please!
0	soniconair please help me get tickets for tomorrow at hard rock. it's my dream to meet shawn!
0	hayleyfromhome thanks lovey. we are going to see foo fighters next sunday so that's getting me through!!
0	a quick stop at dunkin donuts for coffee,now back on the turnpike! about an hour left to philadelphia...for the 2nd time today 48hrsnosleep
0	"dont worry i'll buy you a gucci sneaker when i go to italy in october" haha i think we shall start wearing clothes from overseas.
0	carly fiorina moves into 3rd place in new hampshire!: according to the latest ppp presidential poll of new ham...
0	happy for emem eduok who joins up with the super eagles on monday
0	another great preview from the new iron maiden album the book of souls \m/ out september 4th
0	alt983 may i request katy perry "dark horse," that song really gets the dust off the speakers.
0	tiredcourt shawn and the 3rd one are rly hot i'll give u that
0	john cena has been named as the 2nd most charitable athlete in the world.. 1st. c ronaldo- 2nd .john cena and...
0	tickets now on sale for the much loved sam smith pertharena perth november 28. visit:
0	nige__l niall is gonna have to be my new bestie! he's way funnier than you! hope theconnienell doesn't see this
0	would be nice 2 c pirlo score from one of those amazing fk and balotelli get on the field 2 day for milan that would be a good saturday
0	haven't had breakfast yet, but we have already spotted chuck norris at the 16th ave church restoringunity neveragainisnow
0	is here, may god bless u with happiness and joy. happy eid?
0	m/t arliehartman: b10w john played a song with the foo fighters on thursday night. it was great!
0	happy 22nd bday real_liam_payne!!! i hope your day is spoon free and filled with lots of pints from niall!!
0	805 pm tonite, 1st time on ptv, i'm on air with u2 &amp; bruce springsteen. answering sophie's q's about going from doctor to rockstar.tune in!
0	it's saturday!!! bring on the foo fighters tonight!!!
0	congrats to aiden wagner who scored his 1st bchl goal in his 1st preseason game vs. prince george. he was named the game's 3rd star.
0	swissed78 thank chris! great to meet you both too. the descent today was unbelievable! now in lugano ahead of tomorrow's ride to milan.
0	finally, a fantasy and gay novel omg (you can get it for free!!)
0	tum kya samajhty ho choro gay to mar jayen gay hum, .h!na 1 bat kahun tum se jee to wo b rahy he jin ko chora ta tere liye. sweet prince.
0	we are passing the ball well but no movement in the final 3rd, kane was in our own half from defending in that attack!
0	jon pardi last night, jj longhorn and moonlight drive tonight, thecadillac3 next friday, and jason aldean in 2 weeks...i like concerts
0	great save by howard thought kane got his 1st of the season then tho efc coyb
0	1st giroud, now kane, lol what a funny day toteve spurs everton
0	jw_burton kane should of scored and would of made it easy then. still hope always the important goal is the 1st mate. plenty of time
0	ajbrooks skippingdiva good we too love you back came monday night raw soon fan 1 john cena boy friend along miss love
0	kane should have scored, but howard made a great play on that (and the toby header). optimistic for the 2nd half! coys
0	"gucci down to the socks like i'm biggie poppa. babbbyyyy!"
0	saturday night in with a curry and celebrity big brother. bank holiday bliss. passthenaanbread
0	niallofficial niall please follow me, my birthday is on september 25 and a follow from u guys would be the perfect gift
0	i'll finally be purchasing a ps4 in october! i'll be one of the cool kids ^.^ oh and my kill to death is pretty insane, watch out on cod ;)
0	went and saw paper towns, got baskin robins, sat in the car and talked about life for 4 hours, got home at 3 am. i'm gonna miss shannon.
0	happy saturday! check out my cover of ed sheeran's photograph if you haven't heard it already and look out for a...
0	can't wait for the release date of "the book of souls" on september 4. iron maiden is one of my favorite bands. i hope it will be good
0	1st goal for milan this season by bacca . and it's his 1st goal with milan . milemp
0	dbr_x okay thank you for telling me that. god bless you and may allah make you friends of islam. ameen. sheikhadnan2014 uqab_
0	shawn will be attending the vmas tomorrow! confirmed
0	wwe is live at the ocean center tomorrow. see wwe heavyweight champion seth rollins take on dean ambrose &amp; more! getyourticketstoday
0	saturday social at phoenix bar is the spot to hit in the ev if you want a fun, gay, dance party! holly dae and i...
0	23 oct sgfg is out 25 oct mtv ema's in milan tell me i'm not the only one who hopes that 5sos will be in italy sheskindahotvma ema2015
0	sdhs is very proud of mary satchwill and sam smith who participated in the swiss ambassador program on august 29th.
0	yosp and i'm serious when i say this: this may just be the best exclusive on ps4! well done mr. yoshida! well done!
0	ice cube son and dc young fly should make a friday i wanna see the outcome
0	the new fantastic four movie isn't that bad at all! tomorrow i'm going to watch ant-man! :)
0	cracking header by adriano gives milan the lead halfway through 2nd half milanempoli
0	hmmmm balotelli may have came back to milan at the right time ...adriano and bacca both stepped their game up... wearemilan acmilan
0	a huge and very special thank you to the amazing christianfarla if you haven't seen his show yet, catch christians last show on sunday
0	katie price, who won celebrity big brother in february, returned to the site of her triumph on thursday night for the launch of the new
0	all the boys tweeted liam for the b-day apart from zayn, c'mon zaynmalik we want 4/4 happybirthdayliam ziam
0	with the sun on your face, dunkin, anna karenina &amp; the music of stevienicks how could anyone be in a bad mood? relaxation selfcare
0	haven't seen 2nd half but james rodriguez is something else. great display boys hala madrid! scrappy win for milan too,but it's a win.
0	i can't wait for zayn tomorrow when he just attend the vmas it's going to be fire.
0	dear santa for christmas may i have...........................one lunatic fringe named dean ambrose?! thank you very much!
0	not a bad saturday... bit of call of duty ghosts on ps4 with some motd.... perfect!
0	eid is a day to wish and make merry together. may your life be full of such great days! wish you all splendors of this beautiful e
0	i'm only excited for the vmas because zayn may go, if he doesn't i'll cry
0	gay sex may be a sin, but who are we to judge? how does it affect us? let god be the judge. don't tell me you've never sinned... hypocrites
0	been a long day. wrapped up book for good prior to proofing, article on balotelli's milan return (out tues) and a little something special!
0	kyle seager hits hit 20th hr of the season! it's a 2-run bomb. mariners lead the white sox, 2-0 in the 1st.
0	shawn and charlie are both going to the vma's tomorrow &amp; camila is with shawn today &amp; charlie sits behind the girls tomorrow i am fascinated
0	honored to work with the man rolling stone hails "the father of modern bluegrass" - rodney dillard! nashville
0	faithantion i am now watching sharknado for the 1st time. this will be interesting
0	shawn makes me so happy nobody understands, you may think you do, but you don't.
0	shawn for the win she doesn't no older boys.
0	great to see sun girl in last days of ant-man. be great if she survived secret wars! do the right thing marvel =)
0	recording a new fanboy versus tomorrow with beatlesdiva chrismcfeely manofthetown and bkilby talking fantastic four, ant-man and more!
0	hulk hogan offers self as running mate for the donald. perfect! he is equally serious "politician"
0	rangers will likely activate josh hamilton from the dl on tuesday.
0	bengal_coach rotnscoundrel we saw the foo fighters thursday night. it was an awesome show!
0	well, i just got tickets to see paul mccartney october 22nd. pretty happy about that.
0	i've been sat in bed for the past 2 hours listening to ed, shawn and jacob and i've been bawling my eyes out, what is happening to me
0	why john kasich may be strongest gop prez candidate - even if he may not be able to get nomination. read frankbruni
0	monday i am writting cnn &amp; asking why they refuse to let carly fiorina on the main debate stage?
0	cheesy as it may sound, i will never be able to thank one direction (with zayn) enough for everything they've done &amp; how they saved my life.
0	you'll never truly know how many lil kim lyrics you know until you hit a up a gay bar on a saturday night.
0	big inning for the white sox. that error by alexei ramirez that allowed a run to score in the top of 8th weighing heavily right now.
0	megan_comstock so how was the unity march i see chuck norris was there!
0	shawn will be at the vmas tomorrow and i'll be at the red carpet so ill be updating myself
0	kpop fans are all excited to see got7 at the smart araneta coliseum this november, long queue happening now at...
0	one last time happy 22nd birthday liam and goodnight shawn all the love
0	next friday the best one ice cube made
0	and it's saturday, so no school katy perry made teenage dream so cool sheskindahotvma
0	listening to the foo fighters live while watching intervention. what a perfect little saturday.
0	the scenes that involve ice cube and johan hill in 22nd jump street are the best. like literally gets me in tears every time
0	i have a feeling that nicki's performance at the vmas will be the only good one tomorrow
0	already in love with ian and i'm 12 min into the 1st ep. why are the gay characters always my fav.
0	gn everyone. plz pray for clintlorance freeamirhekmati saeed,raif,christians,yezidis,babies,soldiers, the world! may god be with you all.
0	when u run into the white sox future 3rd baseman &amp; realize u were his teacher. fullcircle adorbs vansonmans
0	jackjackjohnson jackgilinsky i'm literally listening to calibraska the 22nd time in a row no joke
0	mirna_elhelbawi i'll do the same in november :) budapest &amp; milan enjoy a lot
0	my sermon this lovely sunday is taken from islam. my favorite quote from islam is this, "live your life as if you...
0	dear bros/sis in islam, assalamu alaykum and may almighty allah peace be upon all of you!. why saying...
0	i talked to an hp rep that carly fiorina may have trained and he was excellent. 7 pm in ontario and i had my new unit before noon next day.
0	let the chips fall where they may- ice cube
0	pnut considering the foo fighters just melted my face, i can't wait for tomorrow
0	shawn may be young but acts so mature and thats one of the things you should love about him
0	zayn is the only reason that i might watch the vmas tomorrow
0	katyperry i know you're gonna rock the fan's tomorrow... why because you're katy perry nocommet
0	very proud of katy perry in the breeders crown today ... 4th from an awkward draw .. great drive amanda .. first aussie past the post ..
0	didlix you pretty much know post 18th sept i'll be glued to ps4 playing all the da:i dlc ;) - comics today i think
0	when the 1st season of naruto was airing the moment i stepped inside my classroom my friend and me would scream about it for like 2 hours
0	blakeyniall happy 18th birthday niall!! have the best day! are you coming out thursday? xx
0	i liked a youtube video john cena attacks dolph ziggler after his match with randy orton: smackdown, nov. 23,
0	hisashi iwakuma worked around four walks in saturday's win over the white sox, allowing two runs on seven hits over 5 2/3 innings. mariners
0	christians....just a reminder we must exercise our faith (as personal as it may be) publicly and politically....
0	i may not be john legend to give you "all of me" but i can be ed sheeran to "love you till were 70" good evening. :)
0	wrestlingonline not sure if reported but hulk hogan will be on good morning america tomorrow giving exclusive on part with wwe
0	i want dunkin tomorrow morning lol
0	"niallmyangelboy: niam teased a song off the 5th album. such a tease..look at niall how cute he is.. ! little shit
0	my saturday night in milan? working, online coaching "love your job and you'll never...
0	we are having a sunday worship event today at 11:00am in the matthews suite! come enjoy the lord with us and connect with other christians!
0	stevecherelle yes!! i do love a bit of zac brown band on my sunday &lt;3 thank you so much :- )
0	just got word from peacecamp that george osborne is going to be at faslane tomorrow, show up tomorrow 7am and give him a piece of your mind
0	hurry over to the oldschoolbagel in uptown23rd; they just played marilyn manson followed by iron maiden. power sunday!
0	another day off? woo bankholiday! we're in from 10am-4pm tomorrow; slightly shortened hours but still with a smile on our faces :) ~ nicki
0	shawn with little kids may just be the cutest thing on the face of this planet
0	so this was our saturday : fear the walking date. couple of dunkin's and a new zombie show. party hard.
0	pretty sure me and woahitspaige99 had an obsession with john cena in 5th grade hipsters
0	happy birthday megsbunts may your day be filled with ketchup and niall horan
0	can't tell you how badly i wanna see ed sheeran thursday in houston
0	sunday kombat ch 35! best thing about sunday's shawn, looking forward to reading it.
0	tomorrow i've to wake up early so zayn's erformance on vma better be true otherwise u'll regret for playing with my emotions and sleep
0	so george osborne is to visit faslane/trident tomorrow, i hope many of you turn out to give him a warm welcome!
0	diggin the blue jays' canada jerseys. would be cool if they wore them every sunday home game like the white sox do with their retros.
0	ed sheeran and the weeknd may be the best duo yet.. darktimes
0	niall is so beautiful his blue eyes, his smile he shines like a star or a sun he makes my day he's just so unconventionally beautiful.
0	i can't wait to see ed sheeran on the 10th!!!!!!!
0	derekmcadam1 their new album is out this coming friday. same day as iron maiden's new album. more excited for amorphis though.
0	may the almighty god continually bless you christians in ghana, jesus is alive!! spread the word gospelhaven
0	rikoshi heavyrocksboar i may as well be naruto with how much i like ramen.
0	i want to thank ryan braun for hitting that home run to send bernie down the slide, and thereby making my kids' 1st game "the coolest ever!"
0	nowplaying janet jackson - love will never do without you no.1 at january 19 1991 at the billboard top 100 | back2_the90s | janetjackson
0	smokinbonesuk please tell me you are doing foo fighters gig milton keynes sat? hubs had food silverstone today &amp; it looked amazing!!
0	just checked for events happening at gila river arena in september and i got so excited to see that sam smith is playing. on september 30th
0	cruising through town, windows down blaring jason aldean with a chey that's a perfect sunday afternoon
0	foo fighters next monday with me mum, might have to score md &amp; get mashed up
0	okay if justin, nicki, demi, the weekend and zayn are performing i'ma have to have a 36 inch sew in tomorrow cuz my weave coming out 2night
0	dustinpari icecube i just saw this awesome man, ice cube, in concert friday night! a-maz-ing!!
0	it's not really a sunday until you've listened to some frank ocean
0	flytetymejam janetjackson see ya tomorrow night ms jackson. my first show from the amazingly sweet and talented janet jackson
0	the milwaukee brewers played well today and ryan braun is able to hit his 24th home run and he did a fantastic job today.
0	anaaheartbeat aliina57 i'm watching the red carpet for nicki mostly. they're gonna air the show tomorrow night so i might go to bed after
0	alhamdulillah anew brother in islam. may allah continue to guide you on this path and make this journey easy for you
0	atviassist nah. nothing wrong with it. enjoyed the hell out of it on the ps4's beta. keep up the great work. see ya november 6th :d
0	zac brown band, september 11th, we're going mikemotyka
0	dunkin is the most important one so go there first
0	i may be late to this party, but ant-man is a great movie! ranks among my top picks in the marvel cinematic universe, i didn't expect that
0	it's sunday but zayn's performance makes me want to pop off
0	not sleeping till i see nicki first day of school tomorrow but i gotta see her vmas vma2015
0	islam is more than a religion. goodmorning may allah bless us all with imaan aameen keep remember allah .
0	kris bryant's 21st home run on the season gives the cubs an early 2-0 lead!
0	kris bryant that ball just said ouch! that was a laser! 21st bomb!
0	2nd day in new york and i found great deals on authentic gucci and louis vuitton wallets both sold on street corners by nice foreign fellows
0	i love nicki and miley and may need to call in sick tomorrow because of it
0	lord j_snyde and i killed the floor friday when bad blood came on!
0	nicki did that for white media idgaf . nicki may act like she don't give af but she cares what the media thinks
0	i used to bump nicki aalllll the time in middle school. pink friday was my fav
0	i loved ice cube's son's comments about people who didn't get that "bye felisha" originated from friday osheajacksonjr
0	i'll set my dvr to record the encore so i can watch nicki's performance tomorrow.
0	nicki is the most talked about tonight and will be tomorrow. no doubt!
0	nicki my fav, she slaying everyone and they momma' sat the vmas, god bless
0	nicki getting hood just then gave me so much motivation to go to school tomorrow and get good grades and go to college i'm so alive
0	zaynfleek he has been happy ever since he sat next to zayn at the louis vuitton fashion show (':
0	all my friends are going to hear about tomorrow is how good shawn looked tonight :)))
0	what i love most about this is that every hag will be on dcum tomorrow talking a t how trashy nicki or bey is. when clearly...vmas
0	e_jaculation but we mustn't forget that on the 7th day, god gave us a nicki -- miley take down of epic proportions. rejoice my child.
0	milestomemories andimal9 i hope you have a wonderful sunday night as well, shawn
0	nicki is so hot and out of all the fine qualities she has, her teeth just may be my fav one. not her butt, but her teeth.
0	cue the mountain of thinkpieces about nicki's "aggression" and "internalized misogyny." looking forward to tomorrow.
0	can't wait to hear people talking some new ish about kanye west tomorrow
0	what a great weekend. first drake was in the 'ville saturday then nicki went for miley's life tonight. what a time to be alive
0	this sums up everything about kanye west. i may not like him as a person, but i love him as an artist. vmas
0	i'm really looking forward to adding kanye west to our wall of presidential candidates at the office tomorrow. vmas
0	nicki is the only reason my hw gets done tbh.
0	us magazine kanye west has the best time at 2015 vmas, dances to the weeknd's "can't feel... news may omg nfb
0	do you know that moment when you stare at the sun and your eyes start to cry because it's so bright? that happens to me when i look at niall
0	just did the math and realized that i get to see david price pitch live next sunday. cool! bluejays
0	i'm going to paul mccartney! 2nd time in two years!
0	midnight_hazza i found you!!!!!! i'm the one that sat right in front of you with my aunt :)))) is there any chance you took a vid of niall
0	i can literally feel my vision improving because of nicki and kanye!! tomorrow i will be such a good day!!
0	floyd mayweather is the greatest boxer of all time. he could knock out ali in the 2nd round.
0	in respect of kanye west tomorrow so i will only listen to his music all day
0	ed sheeran s "x" returns to the top of the world album charts for the 3rd time
0	that 2 1/2 hours makes the whole janet jackson thing seem like cbs sunday morning. vmas
0	not gonna lie, rewatching nicki's performance for about the 4th time right now
0	my boy biebs made the greatest comeback, the bae big sean won his 1st vma, nicki dragged miley to hell &amp; kanye slayed everyones lives! vmas
0	in case anyone asks me tomorrow no i didn't see the vma's but yes i would vote for kanye west because of two simple reasons
0	i feel like so much happened on the vmas. kanye, taylor, nicki and miley, miley released new music.. the news is gonna be cray tomorrow.
0	kanye west is running for president in 2020 - kanye west, greatest human on earth, announced sunday that he will b...
0	can't wait for tomorrow's headline: "nicki beats the hell out of miley at vma after party"
0	oops i'm rewatching nicki's performance for probably the 5th time
0	goodnight have a great night i need to go to bed because i have school on tuesday and sleep schedule is messed up ok shawn loves you
0	nicki may have called miley out but miley's messages tonight were much more powerful than any performance at the vmas
0	kanye west is for real the one pop culture topic i ever argue with my (usually pretty cool) mom about. and that'll happen tomorrow.
0	kanye west may be a good rapper, but eminem is the rap god
0	ohmygod when mackelmore sat down shawn went up to him all nervous and said "hi nice to meet you im shawn mendes" thats so cute
0	pretty sure nicki's ass is the 8th wonder of the world
0	kiaspeaks oh. i may have been watching a marathon of who do you think you are on tlc. wasn't paying attention to twitter. good for nicki!
0	happy 1st birthday kids... inter milan, jordan, kimkumkum, lionel messi and milan. thank you for your love kids
0	kanye west may be one of the most influential celebrities of all time man
0	kanye west may be a douche bag at times, but he's a genius and an inspiration. vmas
0	frank ocean is headlining on the 31st don't wanna miss out .
0	overall...tonight reconfirmed my love for nicki and why i never went back to side bangs after 7th grade
0	kanye west was honored in a big way during sunday night's mtv video music awards by receiving the michael jackso...
0	i know that the new iron maiden album is not out until friday but it just keeps getting better!
0	madfl3a my first day of work after 2 months of holidays starts tomorrow. i'm ok as long as i can see u2
0	too much partying ...last of lovely visitors are here for another night then i am going to sleep and dream of the foo fighters next saturday
0	awesome veggie sunday lunch at the prince george in brighton. a great little pub!
0	as the big brother season is winding down, the curling season is about to begin! the 1st ever world's mixed championship starts in 12 days!
0	goldsborohall haha its like big brother watching. sorry we didn't see you, what a fantastic wedding saturday was though. catch up soon.
0	yeah i love nicki and yeah miley may have said something but miley has a point, journalists always manipulate what is said, nicki just
0	dunkin accidently giving me a large is the best thing to ever happen to me on a monday
0	holy mother of all that is good, kanye west's speech at the video music awards on sunday was all sorts of burning...
0	theworldisyou13 officialmarko oct 13th in milan..ive seen this tour 5 times i love it like ive never loved a tour b4 !! teampink lol
0	no doubt, george osborne dreams daniel craig will play him in the biopic. all (dyed) lego hair + macho black jackets.
0	people may laugh at kanye west. but let's not forget kanye is one of the smartest artist/producer.
0	8 am i want to give you tickets to see janet jackson sept 8 mtscentre fhollywood frankhollywood
0	republican candidate carly fiorina tweets that she is ok after getting into an accident with a deer friday.
0	kanye west, greatest human on earth, announced sunday that he will be running for president of the united states...
0	fact: if you listen to zac brown band on a gloomy day the sun comes out
0	can't wait till 6pm tomorrow to come and the only recognised striker have is kane for rest of season transferwindow pullyourfingeroutlevy
0	1st impression of kanye west music: creative, great bass beats but it was better when others sang on his songs. nice beats, though.
0	i try to always pay for the order behind me at dunkin on monday's..starts both of our weeks off on a good note.
0	just won tickets for janet jackson next tuesday from 999bobfm
0	happy monday! kanye west is running for president of the united states of america...
0	singing frank ocean at the top of my lungs while walking down 3rd st. good morning.
0	can't wait to see foo fighters next sunday&amp;with royal bloods supporting will be insane
0	kanye west, in accepting his video vanguard award at the 2015 mtv video music awards sunday, questioned the very...
0	this friday outhouse is playing at still partners in sea cliff ! hop on the expressway to nirvana!
0	i'm in a groupme where we're having an intelligent conversation about kanye west's ankles. happy monday.
0	i'm going to see paul mccartney with ben, jerry, and mike. that's good news on a monday morning! broctober
0	i want to make a shirt with niall's tweet and wear it every monday
0	chuck norris was born on may 6th 1945, the nazis surrendered may 7th 1945. coincidence? i don't think so!
0	didn't want to wait until october 10 for boruto: naruto the movie, so i flew to osaka, japan to watch it!
0	happy motivatonal monday!!! reasons why you should join the challenge with shawn &amp; latonya... 1. we are educated...
0	downloading naruto: the last, i'll rewatch it tomorrow before class ^////^
0	jen crying over her picture on the 8th season of big brother is still one of the best moments in television. hollardbbi can back me up.
0	kanye west the hollywood bowl sept 25th. that would be amazing tbh.
0	awfullycharming happy birthday, i'm beating you on 2k when i get my ps4 tomorrow this will be your present.
0	goldlikejoel you picked a great game. my 1st reg season game: david cone's perfect game in 99. i was visiting nyu and catching iron maiden.
0	andre berto insists he feels better than ever ahead of his biggest ever fight against floyd mayweather on september 12. the 31-year-old
0	this morning as i sat on the subway on my way to work, listening to u2's calirfornia i tuned into and sent love...
0	my 62 year old father knew rousey's fight date before me. knew it was november but not date. he chimes in "oh yeah she fights nov 14"
0	hbo announced they received a pair of specials from bono and u2 that will air in a documentary in november. will you watch the u2 special?
0	uncharted 4 on march 18th! come on ps4 keep up the quality exclusives!
0	new mgla and iron maiden are going to be fighting hard for my time on friday
0	kanye west is a god, you may never speak ill of kanye.
0	aalsi_aadmi sab_mile_hue you must also do some learning in islam and you may get content to your reason and logic.
0	i've been listening to u2's music all day. looking forward to the show on friday.
0	axelwitsel28 maybe january you go to milan...see you!!
0	buzzing my tits off for the foo fighters on sunday, the finger will be thrown around
0	everyone in my feminist studies class was team nicki and the mitski tinydesk was released today what a monday !!!!
0	kanye west was honored with the video vanguard award on sunday night and a surprising star presented the rapper with the award -- taylor
0	not even sept 1st and we've already relapsed into dunkin' donuts 'pumpkin everything' commercials on the radio! its fall babaayyy
0	niallofficial harry_styles louis_tomlinson call me on stage for act my age to irish dance with niall tomorrow night at otraphilly
0	if anyone fancies a good giggle, head to a gay bar on a bank holiday monday to listen to the hartleys sing karaoke. my jaw hurts.
0	$1 monday's at dunkin is the best way to start off the week :-)
0	we may be an ordinary girls ,but our love to our zayn is bigger thank you think,he saved most of us and we're thankful to him to have him.
0	one of many things that islam has taught me is to look upon charity as something that we all must do every day that the sun rises. powerful.
0	the americans may not have won the opening night game but they are totally running the big brother show. cbbuk
0	been enjoying playing command and conquer for it's 20th birthday. love the commando, love the rockin' music and kane, what's not to love!
0	here i come ps4, i'll see you in march 18th !!
0	sam smith in the 'omen' music video may have turned me gay for a few moments
0	carly fiorina's rise in polls may mean inclusion in the next gop debate
0	"niall's going to be 22 in 12 days" no one's gonna be 22, i'll lock him in forever21!1! *prepares squad* c'mon!
0	thanks very much shawn! i hope you're having a great monday!
0	floyd mayweather fight september 12! come on down for the excitement &amp; grab your seat early !! mayweatherberto
0	new ia poll has ben carson and donald trump tied... with carly fiorina in 3rd. should be an interesting next few months...
0	a few days ago quuuise said ice cube may be the bet rapper lyrically i'm starting to agree
0	fort wayne had 3rd interfaith prayers 4 the city. hindu dancing, miami nation drums and chanting, muslims, jews, christians all 2gether as 1
0	johnkennymedia sunday is the best, sam smith on before blur! wtf as they say these days
0	i may never tweet about anything other than kanye west ever again
0	naughty_dog guess i'm finally going to buy a ps4 on march 18th! :d uncharted
0	ljsthemotto but then again. real madrid rule spanish football. so they may still push it through even after the their window closes.
0	gay night tomorrow, the best night everrrrrrr
0	offsideliam i'm fucking loving this i hope this drags on all day tomorrow but he will join real madrid
0	nicki's drag at the vma's blessed my monday
0	jamiestar1986 monday night raw should be good tonight i wonder will sting show up or if brock lesnar will be there
0	i'm sure real madrid will 'somehow' sign de gea tomorrow, but tonight's been entertaining all the same
0	every day i thank god that nicki recycled i love you n put it on pink friday as your love
0	according to gamestop, deadpool is coming to ps4 and x1. i know some may not like the idea but i think it'll be better with better visuals
0	kiimmynicole i'm going to see the foo fighters on the 21st so if i see these as well this would be the best year of concerts for me!!
0	ever have a song that just hits the right spot for you? these days by the foo fighters was it for me. side note: mom gets diagnosis tomorrow
0	superspurs34 sgt_shred1 deadpool the game coming to ps4 and xbox one in november "awesome" :)
0	jasdiane i am excited, but at the same time iron maiden have an album out friday and that's really taking priority xd
0	maja is nicki to april's miley right now. april is inspecting a candle and maja has the eye on her. whatsgood
0	c'mon wwe let's make it a seth rollins statue on a pole match at night of champions. stingvsrollins
0	tomorrow cacao is being delivered along with star wars little golden books and i get to finally play armello on ps4! is it tuesday yet?
0	adamlmiles "triple h may be better than both if us, but i'm still better than you, seth rollins." good work, sting. raw
0	although it's not paul mccartney, just bought so you think you can dance live tix in nov for mom and i. we'll make it a night out :)
0	i still believe i was the first person to listen to sam smith in bmt...since 8th grade
0	first day was pretty gucci!! can't wait 4 tomorrow
0	pumpkin spice flavor is already back at dunkin and i don't know how to feel because it's still august
0	andrew luck is going to be on the september 10th cover of the rolling stone. that's badass.
0	bluebella18 i was literally thinking we should do the same for fri/sat nights. we spent the night in brissie for foo fighters
0	david price is the fastest bluejays' pitcher to reach 50ks with the team. he accomplished the feat tonight in his 6th jays' start.
0	from the very 1st pitch the baseball gods had the red sox winning that game they better make it up to us in the long run
0	mobaseball5 ugh right i sat right back down. woulda been so great to beat the red sox with a grand slam...
0	crowd finally pops....for john cena...in the 11th hour. raw wwenoc wweraw
0	the red sox may be god awful, but beating the yankees while they are in the thick of things is always nice.
0	seth rollins has nothing to worry about. as long as he wears white and gold, he'll be fine on the 20th. wwe raw colorsofchampions
0	reminder: the wonderful madness that is super time force hits the ps4 and vita tomorrow. rejoice.
0	watching monday night raw when john cena's song comes on.... sasha comes booking it into the living room saying, "cena! cena!"
0	i will be back on psn tomorrow the 2nd of september with my new ps4 :) message me if your intersented in my psn name :)))))
0	talking about janet jackson...i can't wait to see her in february! unbreakableworldtour
0	by tomorrow, my layout will hopefully consist of a selfie with niall and otra fireworks fingers crossed people
0	you may not like them together but admit it camila and shawn sounds amazing together
0	new class tomorrow! then i will be one month away from getting my first degree. i'mma do a kanye west speech when i get it too.
0	so michael cole really sat there and called john cena a fellow legend along with sting? wow. wwe raw
0	livebyfoma managed to get my hands on the ps4 version on saturday. it exceeds the hype if that's even possible
0	don't wanna be an italian idiot. thanks for tonight turin you were badass, see ya tomorrow milan
0	i just realized i've been watching naruto since i was in the 5th grade and i'm about to start my 3rd year of college...
0	red sox may not be good but i can enjoy them beating the yankees
0	richardnaik kayinamoh so honestly, even if the pc version is great, it sounds like ps4 is terrific as well. may just come to preference.
0	themikeljubsa blue jays beat red sox with a huge rally in the second half of the game back in june. that's the best one i remember.
0	david_garrett see you tomorrow in milan! kick some ass babe!
0	tomorrow's the night! weekly lesbian discussion group at gay's the word, wc1n, 8-9pm, every wednesday gaystheword
0	bbc6breakfast playing papa was a rolling stone. fitting as we packing up the office for our big move tomorrow. whereever we lay our hats...
0	christyspratlin i mean it was announced utd beat out rookie blue and utd and big brother were the only shows that did well last thursday!
0	crazy asian driver with the need for speed can't wait november 5 official e3 trailer pc, ps4, xbox one via youtube
0	nationalbowl do you have show times available for foo fighters this saturday?
0	thank you for knowing what will keep this nation secure, scott walker.
0	why do i not remember seeing thexfiles "bad blood" when it 1st aired? hilarious episode!
0	4th week running going out tonight hahaha, gay nights are so good
0	"tvbanter: running to the cinema to see paper towns tomorrow like daniellelucyxo
0	rinashah i have been using moto g 2nd gen for over a month now and it's an absolute delight. stock android. good design. best.
0	i'd love for someone to come down here the 10th &amp; see ed sheeran with me
0	kane son clinton and lamela as our forward line yea like that going get us top 7 never mind 4th
0	glen hoddle: harry kane's impact friday was extraordinary. it was great to see kane, the leading premier league scorer, come on and score
0	we're going for coffee this afternoon and the cinema to see paper towns tomorrow...i love it when mum has a week off
0	transgender is a difficult subject but it has been timed well with the caitlyn jenner thing so that may give it some appeal.
0	good night ^^ swimming classes tomorrow and still my body... yeah goodbye t'all of you. good bye kpop, bias, friends (if i have some) bye
0	can i just fast forward to the ed sheeran concert saturday
0	we may believe whatever we want about gay marriage. but god calls us to love, not to condemn.
0	the fam at wishatl hit you with a really dope look at the upcoming "gucci" foamposite pro...available this friday!
0	*overhears a conversation about john cena* are you ready for this sunday night wheb john cena defends his title at wwe suuuupppeerrr slaaaam
0	had a blast the red sox game last fri! share your pics on our fb page!
0	janet jackson opens unbreakable tour in vancouver, introduces new song with missy elliott unbreakablevancouver
0	carly fiorina is in 3rd place in iowa, but she still likely won't be in the top 10 debate in two weeks. here's why.
0	bars &amp; pubs - national hot dog day: wed 02 sep it's national hot dog day and the soda factory is going all out...
0	victoria: do you want to see janet jackson saturday?! thanks to our friends from revolution auto group we have 2...
0	omg then i sat on my floor in front of the tv and bawled over shawn when he was performing on that one show
0	throwback 4 nathankress's poster of bad blood, in honor of taylor's award on vmas last sunday. the law got the power
0	nebubae_ i'm pretty sure he still doesn't. the only person with real answers is john cena, this sunday night at the thunderdoooome gnowuh
0	congratulations to georgia veatch, the winner of two free tickets to see ed sheeran in concert this friday!
0	morning prayer tomorrow ( wed 2nd ) at theymca stoke 8.00am for christians in the business community all are welcome join us!
0	caitlyn jenner's a new member of the t community -she is working for true self acceptance let's welcome her!
0	time for a new tuesday cover! this is u2's "with or without you" with ralph koopman! really enjoyed his join and...
0	gregnisall enews anaconda video got 19 million views in 24 hours, so whatever you may think of nicki personally, she has a point.
0	receiving an email from bam in which ice cube and ingrid bergman were uttered in the same breath may have just made my day.
0	on the way to the red sox game yesterday. had so much fun. thanks dobrienjr for bringing me to my 3rd game now!
0	the best thing i've heard all day was the fact islam comes home tomorrow
0	nothing better than a pump-up video to a taylorswift13 song. "bad blood" coming to you at tampabayrowdies vs cosmos on sat. mymasterpiece
0	[event] see you on saturday at kpop fun run!...
0	been invited to milan for a weekend at the end of sept...won't mind if i do.
0	find us at the sana 2015 tradeshow on september 12th in the beautiful milan, italy! tradeshow betterwithbirk italy
0	me the first day of work: ok so i need off next sunday i have tickets to see seth rollins
0	i may be the only person i know who thoroughly enjoyed the kanye west rant during the vma's
0	these ratings speak more to naruto than one piece. not bad though, better than it usually did at 1, somehow.
0	musictimes&gt; janet jackson - monday night in vancouver, janet jackson returned to the touring circuit once again wi...
0	cnn politics hope you decide to have carly fiorina on the debate september 16th. a lot of people would like that.
0	tmksonyes donlagreca ironmaiden big day on friday, don. a brand new double iron maiden cd.
0	blue monday and like a rolling stone are the best songs to repeat how does it feel a bunch of times
0	cnn adjusts gop debate eligibility such that if the debate were tomorrow, carly fiorina would be in.
0	i may be playing mgsv on a ps3, but i'm 4 hours in and still having a blast. one day i will revisit it on ps4 and truly admire the visuals.
0	i have 2 ed sheeran tickets on sale for his concert on thursday houston. i know it's super last minute but if anyone is interested dm me.
0	cnn revises debate criteria in possible boost to carly fiorina: cnn announced on tuesday that it would change ...
0	i may be childish but every time george osborne does one of those sneery,forces-of-darkness smiles he looks like he's just followed through.
0	in a reversal, carly fiorina now likely to make main stage at the next republican debate: carly fiorina may ha...
0	kanye west would make a better president than donald trump. i'm just saying, also grapple seed will be back on monday.
0	spain is winning the gay tourist dollar war: spain may not have london or paris, but its friendly culture and ...
0	just got the wax flushed from my ears for janet jackson tomorrow night, my body is literally ready
0	ight yall i'll have my ps4 on the 15th
0	me: jun i have a secret... jun: what is it?! me: well i'm actually...john cena! jun: oh my gawd...
0	review phillies mets b2-1o: phillies challenged (play at 1st), call on the field was overturned: david wright grounds out,... [1/2]
0	can we talk about the fact that i literally fell for niall on saturday.
0	nickiminaj hey nicki i was going to wish you happy independence on monday from trinidad
0	_sarahbroadie do it we can be out to dunkin tomorrow before practice
0	acmilannorway :') i want him to shine at milan imo. 3rd time is the charm.
0	this is like the day before my ed sheeran concert dude no wait a few days
0	instead of going to sleep i just started my ps4.. time for some gta 5! i have a idea on the video ill upload tomorrow :) gtaonline gtav
0	some things never change. the sun rises every day, the twins sticking it to the white sox feels great.
0	vaughngreene44 hey you better have no plans for sep 13th!! that's when shawn and i's comp is in statesboro!!
0	this is fun. we should play the white sox more often.
0	frank gifford was the only sportcaster to do both play by play and color commentary for monday night football. funfact
0	kane records 2nd assist of the half, as he finds bishop to give cabrinimsoccer 3-1 lead over psubwsports with 24 min to play gocabrini
0	so pumped to be front row at the red sox tomorrow night w my boy steviemac98
0	xicardinal interesting...i just got my ps4 today. we may have to link up at some point before you go back to the dark side!
0	it's almost 10pm and school is tomorrow so i should probs go to bed but i'm just going to listen to kanye west all night
0	just really want dunkin tomorrow
0	we beat red sox 3-1. let's win the series tomorrow afternoon. mlb. yankees.
0	congrats to jan bradley, one of our jason aldean ticket winners - enjoy the show and thanks for being a sky4 fan!
0	white sox take the lead on csn!
0	hope to see austin_laws break out the gucci sign friday
0	itsdeltaelite oh thanks i appreciate it, they say the ps3 &amp; ps4 will have the night map on 8 september
0	very exciting. love david price and he is going to love crazy corn. go jays go!!!
0	i'm so nervous for next tuesday i'm so excited to see who's going to brought on the stage with shawn
0	janet jackson performs in miami on sept 20! all roads lead to the magiccity! get ur piece of the miami dream? im here to help realestate
0	lol who wants dunkin tomorrow because you know i'm getting some
0	kctv5 if you have a soul, a beating heart, common sense, out simply empathy you should not air the chiefs thursday in favor of big brother
0	leilaoicles the game where i took that photo, that was my mother's day gift to my mom...toronto vs red sox on may 8 this season
0	i should dress up as randy orton tomorrow bc he's basically a super hero
0	dc young fly and ice cube's son got to make friday
0	koski :: cnn amends debate criteria, carly fiorina may get in: the organizers of the next republican president...
0	i hope niall's day was better than the other day.hope tomorrow goes good also
0	toastygerm66423 i'm naming my cat champ so sunday when i look for him i won't be able to see the wwe suuuuuuuuuuupper slam champ john cena
0	janet jackson cream you know it unbreakable janet jackson minneapolis live november first target center minneapolis
0	hurry up minneapolis janet jackson unbreakable tour tickets just a few left hurry up . minneapolis november first
0	tammywesolowski .my wish to convey islam message to everyone. allah may help you to understand real relegation that is islam. safe ur self.
0	carly fiorina gets promoted to the top table for the sep 16 cnn republican nominee debate
0	kanye west may be the only soul i value more than my own
0	although sincerely happy for all my fellow u2 fans who met the boys yesterday &amp; who will see them on fri. &amp; sat.,i'm just a wee bit jealous
0	ed sheeran, ant &amp; dec &amp; the royal marines' unbelievable performance - saturday night takeaway
0	_mstephenson88 friday out bologna til sunday morning train to milan then monza for the italian grand prix yeah boy!!!!
0	imm make that katy perry snap for my niggas tomorrow
0	a bit of iron maiden on the way to work is guaranteed to make an early start easier! very excited for bookofsouls on friday! :)
0	the only time i haven't put on foundation is when i met shawn for the 3rd time it was great
0	abujaulani _imuhammadbello: as woman,islam prevents me frm raining abusive words.abujaulani may allah guides you to right path
0	akon will be in prince george sept 20/2015. the civic centre i'm going for that. tickets on sale friday.
0	watching the repeat of sunday's live episode and my god this loyiso guy can sing. he killed that sam smith song.
0	cobesme4 we'll see when he scores the winner against you and is off to man utd with kane in january. enjoy adebyor x
0	i'm going to tell colwell we should do a jt, bruno mars or janet jackson song for hip hop next monday for real
0	damn my ps4 is on its waaaaaay &lt;3 should arrive today but i won't be there xd hopefully i can pick it up from the post office tomorrow~~
0	cardiff for some beers tonight and london for beers tomorrow night before we fly out to milan on friday, let's get packing!
0	watch her stock go up sept 17th. how carly fiorina earned a spot on the big stage at the gop debate
0	"tom_05__: they'll confirm de gea tomorrow.. there real madrid, they'll get what they want." hmmm..
0	chuck norris can tell the exact time of day to the second just by glancing at the sun.
0	floyd mayweather is heavy favourite to go 49-0 on the 12th. bet on the fight here - boxing
0	featuring the best headers, volleys, long-rangers and team efforts from real madrid, fc united of
0	inter he may have played for milan, but i enjoyed watching pato. i hope he rediscovers his form &amp; returns to serie a.
0	listening to the new girl_band album. if you like old-school nirvana, nin &amp; general gig mayhem, don't miss them at epfestival. sun,9.30pm.
0	alexdeakin is milton keynes going to be dry on saturday night alex? big gig outdoors watching the mighty foo fighters nobrollies
0	wearing an iron maiden shirt from the 7th grade because i don't have anything else thats clean nice
0	a cnn rule change should allow carly fiorina to earn a spot on the main stage for the 2nd republican debate.
0	8:07 i want to give you tickets to janet jackson mtscentre sept 8! prepare for a janet trivia question! fhollywood
0	we pray for unity among christians: may all who bear the name christian work toward healing the wounds of the body of christ.
0	mr. freedom has scored two tickets to the zac brown band concert this saturday at hershey park stadium! just like...
0	sarahsahadincbb you can always meet them on the friday shakedown as nicki said that'd be better, so it probably will be for the others! ;)
0	i am really hoping the preds aren't one of the 5 teams that called about trading for kane. not sure we have enough room for 3rd chances.
0	good morning. happy wednesday. zac brown band fans, where you at? makeitpossible ;)
0	kanye west made waves during sunday night's mtv video music awards when he capped off his 13-minute acceptance...
0	omg!!!!!!!!! boy this fight would have been so emotional and epic naruto vs jiraiya in the 3rd great ninja war
0	congratulations to shawn she contacted me, last week on a thursday to rent a home and one week later she's moving...
0	if you hate kanye west, just listen to runaway. it may change your perspective on his personality.
0	eye am going to the ed sheeran concerns and hanging with my mom
0	hey fam just quick view of janet jackson's 1st performance from her unbreakable tour since her "retirement"!...
0	markgrotesports you missed a beast of a show on saturday night with foo fighters.
0	peteschaad footysoldiers and he was 4th top scorer in prem last yr after kun, kane and costa honestly surprised no one signed him vhappy!
0	jarvdawg yea and the performance never drops. i'm playing side by side with my mate on ps4. so clean! good luck holding out until friday :x
0	aaron lennon may have no end product but the run and assist against milan in the cl is what he should be remembered for niceoneazza
0	tonybasilio iron maiden reference... now you're talking! new album bookofsouls drops friday uptheirons woooooo! \m/ \m/
0	been following naruto since i was in the 4th grade. i remember rushing to the tv saturday night to watch it at 9 pm on toonami.
0	janet jackson is back (and she brought some extra saggy pampers pants with her)
0	janet jackson's album comes out on october 2nd, janet jackson is currently on it's supporting tour ....
0	shawntherealtor you're welcome shawn, and thank you! happy wednesday! have a great one! wishing you great success!
0	just score a seat at the red sox for friday pm! woot!!
0	no sleep the week of ttk. 24 hour stream of ttk launch with gjallarhornrl on ps4, and then kings fall raid on friday night. yasssssss
0	thanks to caseysoftware and kinlane i have been reminded that ice cube's "good day" was my 4th birthday.
0	kurtcobain nirvana and they keep asking me why do i love him this much kurt you're the best! love nirvana fav band
0	bagged some tickets for the libertines the 02 acad this sunday , then i've the scotland v germany game monday then foo fighters tuesday!
0	carly fiorina may be moving up to the main debate stage thanks to this cnn change
0	just started getting into gifs and i "interviewed" janet jackson about nipplegate. just jokes, y'all.
0	nicolettekelley set a reminder: october 6. get ready to join the celebration around alldaybreakfast, nicki!
0	the future looks bright for the red sox.
0	thursday night fantasy draft, friday day charlotte football viewing party, friday night jason aldean, saturday ecu, sunday lkn!
0	who needs robinson cano we got drew as he hits his 17th a 3 run shot 11-1 yankees over the red sox.
0	janetjackson janet jackson i love u!!!! u can't wait to see u on february 5 at the palace of auburn hills. i be the loudest one there!!!
0	nickihunter happy humpday nicki enjoy your wednesday. super love and miss you. xoxo sweetpea
0	really love that yankees are putting a beat down on the red sox! it's only the 4th inning!
0	i convert to islam tonight. may allah bless all religions, peace be upon all the prophets... as they have led me this far. peace be upon you
0	thank you joey votto... thank you my good friend.. and thanks for that 4th out kris bryant... how you doin cubbies?? haha serieswin reds
0	and shawn just said we can go to the commons on friday so now i'm happy (:
0	going to be good seeing foo fighters on sunday. will wash away the post festival blues.
0	oldiesmusiclove yeah me!! but i will see you friday keep away from nirvana, i know what it means when you listen to it!
0	timbritton and now my 2nd favorite red sox beat writer is recommanding it...cool!
0	stuff a bus starts tomorrow at shawn's no frills we have some great draws for you to enter when you visit!
0	carly fiorina may have a spot on the cnn debate:
0	it's already thursday here soooo tomorrow i'm going to milan with my best friends! jfdlsajfdsads
0	loved the original ps vita version. glad to see ps4 owners will experience the game.
0	can't wait til next week i'll be back reunited with the ps4 yall players safe til september 25th doe believe dat
0	hopefully nirvana is the wave friday.
0	sunday candy is a better song than u2 or temper trap have ever written. and it's a rapper and his live band, so,
0	little game to cure your thursday boredom thanks to iron maiden if the boss catches you playing, we didn't show...
0	i was thrilled to attend the first show of janet jackson's new unbreakable tour on monday. amazing performance!
0	michael5sos you gonna get the iron maiden album on friday
0	gop presidential candidate carly fiorina will likely take the prime-time debate stage later this mon
0	heading to va. beach tomorrow for jason aldean and the burn it down tour? here's info for you! showtimes: (all...
0	miss janet is back! janet jackson - unbreakable world tour plays calgary tonight and edmonton on friday, sep 4!...
0	been with shawn every day since last friday. booooa, i could get use to being with him everyday.
0	ifwucarter k i am busy dancing to music. (shawn + jacob) so it may be hard for me to be in your notifications!!
0	mildly hysterical about seeing the foo fighters on saturday - the pretender via youtube
0	while i was 1/2 asleep i could hear ice cube and mike epps and i got happy cuz i thought next friday was on but its all about tbe benjamins
0	more sheamus vs randy orton!! because the wwe universe just can't get enough! wwenetwork
0	ed sheeran live in dfw sat night! want in?? keep track of the 5 songs for dfw's most wanted at 8p and i'll throw you a pair of tix! -cruz
0	zack, south fl, beetus behaved, i wish it was tomorrow night. there's a prerelease party for iron maiden's new album. dsma
0	just got told i look like sam smith for the 22nd time
0	the truth by jason aldean may be the best country song ever
0	kriskittie the only game that would make me get a ps4 is bloodborne honestly lol maybe if more games come out i want i may get it
0	i just can't wait for ed sheeran on saturday
0	shawn comes to vegas the 18th or 19th &amp; i will go to the airport to meet him
0	when you have pcd from one direction and then realize you're seeing ed sheeran next tuesday
0	successshawn hey shawn, nice seeing you this week bud! have a great tomorrow!
0	tomorrow will be one of the best nights ever bcs it's double eviction night on big brother and my emotions fly everywhere each time
0	going to see ed sheeran tomorrow with abbyxrene and i'm super excited (:
0	ed sheeran tomorrow.... the tears and the excitement is crazy
0	i miss niall so much he made me so happy on saturday i felt at home and god i want to go back
0	although, i'm looking at his filmography right now and literally the only other film of his i've really liked is "friday" with ice cube.
0	josh hamilton pinch hit single! venable to 2nd! deshields at the plate! no outs! let's go rangers!
0	in honour of zac brown band tomorrow i will listen to every one of their songs from now until the concert
0	lethallaserkj lol jk, kane is too valuable. teams would have to give up 1st liners for him. dude was 2nd in scoring on the team.
0	finally done with my 4th period hw time to watch naruto !!!
0	" zayn is a detective who may or may not have a thing for liam," aw aw aw detective zayn with a thing for doctor liam would be so cute
0	hey it's liv just wanted to say i hope everyone has a great day tomorrow and ash has a good day at school and niall posted a selfie bye
0	uzmakhan_says wishes to all men &amp; women follow the true path of islam. may allah guide us. ameen
0	might be getting a little excited about seeing foo fighters on saturday. rock
0	cris_doe &amp; 'houdini' by the melvin's. 2nd best grunge band under nirvana. honey bucket and night goat will make u want to punt a baby lmao
0	kane &amp; nathaniel kanes 1st day at infant school. nathaniel's final year in juniors school. emotional
0	goodbye cbs all access... i have you until the 30th, more than enough time for big brother to complete. thanks for the live feeds.
0	new iron maiden album is out tomorrow. this has classic written all over it... look out for the impressive long...
0	who's ready for iron maiden day tomorrow planetrockradio. maidens the book of souls album is unleashed .
0	** good! because from the looks of it, barnes &amp; noble will be selling "comes a watchman" for firewood in november **
0	kerryjaneellis1 drbrianmay see you in milan on 25th feb. can't wait to see you both in concert! onevoicethetour
0	that fourth of july remix thingy in paper towns just makes me feel something weird and good and refreshing like !!!
0	why kanye west would be the best president in us history (seriously) via instapaper
0	new show! interview with ice cube and o'shea jackson jnr straightouttacompton
0	make sure to be part of the upcoming eurofm members meeting in milan! networkwithfmprofessionals
0	ellahenderson i hope you are touring with tt oct 13th in milan seen the show 5 times in the uk and you were awesome chick..
0	hannaheckardt this is like my 3rd msg about this but im dumb. do you know kane's anymore? i lost it. also hope everythings good and stuff
0	my copy of iron maiden's new album will be with me tomorrow :)
0	good peak at presidential candidates. carly fiorina has it right-1st day is for reaching out, introductions, etc.
0	i got 4 janet jackson tickets i just hope i don't lose them by january
0	aim nation the clan is growing fast! 87 members since launch last saturday. plenty of room for more members on ps4 and xb1.
0	kris bryant is going to be 1st player to win collegiate poy, milb poy, and an mlb roy in consecutive seasons. few have even done 2 of 3.
0	my beautiful bestfriend converted to islam on laylat al qadr may allah bless her &amp; set her on the right path
0	i went crazy when aaron7lennon went on that run &amp; petercrouch scored &amp; i was sat in the milan end! whatanight
0	902e0f2de0944a3 lol i'm glad i have my xbox for the start gonna get my ps4 later in the day tuesday
0	come check out the cover show encore of katy perry featuring tiina flank next friday at the foundry! i will be...
0	did you miss hopecity on sunday? check out this awesome message on how, as christians, we are counted worthy.
0	miguel sano hit his 15th homer wednesday off the white sox's carlos rodon. twins
0	brady is free, jason aldean tonight, busch gardens on saturday, and brunch on sunday! best birthday weekend ever! freebrady tb12
0	i cant take it any more im so excited for sunday night john cena in the smash down of his life!!
0	congrats to lina boily! she just won 2 tickets to see janet jackson this saturday in grande prairie. buy yours here:
0	unbreakable tracklist revealed: janet jackson, jimmy jam &amp; terry lewis are back in a record store near you oct 2nd!
0	determined to share the gospel with many christians on sept 30. this is goeverywhere 2015. on sept 30, the...
0	dumbesticated literally just learned that "otter" was a thing on tuesday. gay roommate is teaching me so much.
0	new janet jackson music is just 29 days away! to the delight of fans everywhere, the singer announced thursday...
0	en route back to turin after a perfect day out in milan. looking forward to a chilled day tomorrow and the u2 gig tomorrow night. u2ietour
0	who's reppin' kxcountry at the zac brown band show tonight? 1st of 2 molsoncanamp let me know where you're at so we can party!
0	1963- in the 1st match of the season milan beat mantova 1-4, with a hat trick from jose altafini mantovamilan
0	"it should be settled in the minds of christians that the holy scriptures are a spiritual light far brighter than the sun" - martin luther
0	damn floyd mayweather fight next saturday i gotta tell my dad to order it
0	i want to see jason aldean tomorrow night, thanks for noticing that tedinatorhutch
0	tonight, september 3rd, stop by for your chance to win: 2- tickets to see jason aldean, september 10th, on the...
0	willkimbrough wow! thank you for providing that link. i nominate her to the 6th rolling stone. imagine her and keef together.
0	thank god brendan let finallymario go back to milan cuz he is to good to be sat on a bench. balotelli goalmachine
0	future &amp; gucci all the way to atlanta tomorrow night...
0	heymanhustle brock lesnar may be the beast but isabelle_allan kaylalou_x &amp; chantelle_model are pretty sexy beasts too
0	the foo fighters are playing the mk bowl this weekend. did you see bowie or mj at the bowl? planning a mini feature for my saturday show x
0	now playing on urbangold : u2 - sunday bloody sunday 80's : nothing but the best!
0	is it 'ott' to take a day of annual leave to immerse myself within the first janet jackson record in seven years on october 2nd?
0	tune in for gay stuff on gayagendaradio on fabradioint tonight. i will probably say 'bye felicia' for my 1st time ever. kimdavis byeeeee
0	new iron maiden album and the "star wars: aftermath" novel both release tomorrow. it's going to be a busy friday.
0	donald trump says he has nothing but nice things to say about kanye west, but adds he may "have to run against him in a few years."
0	great news not just for yourself but speedway itself. been available on xbox and ps4 is brilliant news
0	congrats mid-atlantic red sox 15u. ranked 14th in the nation by perfect game.
0	joanovarc am heading to see the foo fighters on saturday, but if i'm honest, am more excited to see u lot at balstock - don't tell my g/f
0	i made it to boston! going to my first red sox game tomorrow! jacked bahston clamchowder bigpapi freebrady
0	i want charlie wilson and kanye west to perform at my wedding and/or my 25th birthday party bound
0	it may sound stupid but it makes me happy they're coming to milan even though i won't be there
0	marco carola played paul funkee - mazafaka303 smc social music city, milan (2nd track) thank you, mazafaka! buy...
0	awesome release day tomorrow with iron maiden, amorphis and riverside, and can't really afford either. if i want to be sensible at least.
0	shinoanatsuno naruto is great, it's just a shame about filler. if i have to see naruto sat on a swing or obito get crushed one more time
0	i still watch the new episode of naruto every thursday geek
0	papa was a rolling stone. it was 3rd of september, a day i'll always remember. .........!!!!!!!!
0	tomorrow is my day off. tomorrow i am going to dunkin' doughnuts.
0	foo fighters, iggy pop and royal blood on sunday. now that's what you call a good gig (hopefully (in fact almost definitely) )
0	new iron maiden album being delivered to my work tomorrow. bet your ass im gonna annoy the interns with that shit :d
0	ihoop__247 nah bruh,sasuke is my 6th favorite character,it seems i hate him when i compare him to naruto,cause i love naruto way more lmao
0	i liked a youtube video nicki minaj - dear old nicki with lyrics - pink friday
0	safaribold " welcome to sunday service if you hope to someday serve us we got green in our eyes, follow my erick sermon..." kanye west
0	everybody gets happy around zayn. people get happy, puppies get happy, the sun gets brighter, the nature gets more beautiful
0	happy temptations day: "it was the third of september" the temptations - papa was a rolling stone
0	for whoever wants to take me to the sam smith concert on september 30th... i'm completely available
0	ico and shadow of the colossus for ps4. may as well. buildingthelist playstation
0	brianjbowe jaysonbussa hell yeah! (i've had a marathon iron maiden session going in the run up to book of souls being released tomorrow.)
0	ashton5sos 9 may 2015 in milan, it was the best day of my life
0	that brief scene of ice cube writing friday in straight outta compton made me laugh cos it reminded me of kenny powers writing his script
0	bbvacompassstdm ed sheeran was our wedding song in april. we'd love to see him from the floor tonight! livebright
0	likeitornotmama jda927 lil kim will be remembered as the 3rd/4th most successful female rapper. nicki will/is the 1st. numbers don't lie.
0	zac brown band will perform molsonamphithea tonight and tomorrow night his song "heavy is the head" ft chris cornell
0	niallofficial hi niall tomorrow is my 17th birthday mean the world to me if you wish me a happy birthday thanks niall i love you
0	missing d.c... but it's ok... i'm seeing ed sheeran on tuesday... that makes everything better.
0	that goes for george osborne and theresa may too:) don't think i've forgotten you:):)
0	janet jackson's unbreakable drops oct 2nd - single "no sleeep" regain 1 spot on the charts!
0	ashlyn's mom just surprised us with ed sheeran tickets for saturday, and i am currently crying.
0	we're at paper towns tonight because thursday. i'm not sure it's not still june. mom is excited about her peanut m&amp;ms.
0	i feel like the new janet jackson single is bringing back 90s r&amp;b. via pitchfork
0	tinkerbelle3257 oh its ok, i follow a ton of updates from big brother so i will see it tomorrow
0	marklevinshow god bless you for standing for liberty and evangelical christians and the 1st amendment. we need more people like you!
0	ryan braun just stole his 20th base of the season. fourth 20-20 season of his career.
0	ryan braun steals 2nd and he records his 4th 20/20 season of his career. milvspit
0	janet jackson has unveiled the track list and album cover for her upcoming lp unbreakable, which will arrive october 2nd.
0	bradyfan590 mr. brady, might i recommend the new iron maiden album, which also comes out tomorrow?
0	this article on scott walker.. is the best. ilovewriters
0	nicki_belles siggy116 jgrizam22 bryantbreck i like the attitude nicki. i'm gonna do it tomorrow. if i figure out how to do it lol
0	balotelli in his 2nd milan debut:a goal in 3 minutes, assisted the 2nd, and won a penalty. final score:3-2
0	julia won her 1st comp..that means everyone in the house has won a comp..cant remember the last time big brother had a house like this bb17
0	bono hand delivered pizza to fans waiting in ga line for the u2 concert tomorrow. this band is the definition of awesome. u2 u2ietour
0	foxandfriends good chance she may be gay by the time she gets out.
0	i loved u2 last album the song sleep like a baby tonight was my favorite
0	but seriously. free ticket to ed sheeran on saturday. only catch is you have to go with me.
0	pink friday is nicki's best. and the pink print is a sloppy mess.
0	so my sister and i are going to ed sheeran on saturday...
0	hosmer has the most strikeouts on the royals 84 other mlb players have struck out more. kris bryant has the 2nd most ks in the mlb
0	me tomorrow: 1. have coffee. 2. download new iron maiden album. 3. ignore the world and listen to new maiden.
0	shawnmendes i'm putting all my focus into supporting you! love you so much shawn, can't wait to see you perform october 2nd!
0	we imperfect humans receive second or, sometimes, multiple chances. keep up the good work, shawn! sicembears
0	if we have a chance to make vocal track with the international singer, that person will be frank ocean. happy friday everyone ! dreambig
0	neonne it's fun and it may make your time in the big brother final stretch a little less painful. it's on demand and the lifetime app
0	game today. gainesville tomorrow. labor day on monday. ed sheeran concert on tuesday. holy shit what a fantastic 6 day streak.
0	camila may be on niall's instagram, but i'm on harry's instagram in his baltimore picture. kind of just gonna say i'm the winner here. :/
0	the day i buy my 1st car, the 1st song i'll play on it will be kanye west - can't tell me nothing
0	brewers news braun makes history with fourth 20/20 season - ryan braun became the 31st player in major league his...
0	the winner of tomorrow's game? john cena
0	smartncaa: it's another 'yes para sa tres' for the "ant-man" mark cruz! letran still on top, 72-53 with 1:53 remaining in the 4th!
0	today i enjoyed my 1st pumpkin spice latte of the season. thanks dunkin' donuts! dunkincle
0	did i mention im going to see foo fighters in milton keynes tomorrow !!!!...
0	ffdp i'm buying it tomorrow! along with the new iron maiden!!! gotyoursix thebookofsouls
0	early start today off to birmingham, long day ahead with bit of travelling.. but hey foo fighters on sunday! weekend!!!
0	man the features on the nfl sunday ticket app on the ps4 are on poooooont. i feel like i'm in football heaven.
0	today and tomorrow will be the u2day. all the day my periscope will be dedicated about the u2 concert in turin,...
0	epic weekend on the horizon foo fighters tomorrow and hopefully wales finally finishing the job sunday
0	another 17 hour work day done. time to relax watch new episode of naruto, then get ready for first friday at barcode.
0	oh tomorrow i'll probably rant about black fashion and blacks aspiration to purchase luxury brands (louis, gucci, versace, etc)
0	the city of dar es salaam stayed up into the early hours of friday to welcome the super eagles of nigeria, who...
0	2 foo fighters tickets going cheap for this sat at milton keynes bowl foofighters tickets cheap forsale
0	start your friday off the right way by watching john cena save the day during an episode of scooby doo:
0	i'm impressed with moto g [3rd gen] phone so far. excellent value and just the right screen size for me [not too big].
0	i am optimistic about coach sunday oliseh's ability to turnaround the super eagles. we are due an inspirational team.
0	part of the dluxe team are off to milan tomorrow! feel free to throw out recommendations to us for things to do milan thingstodoinmilan
0	doom robeen. doomrobeen have you seen these wonderful katy perry images? you may want to check:
0	all that said, it's the 2nd best looking game i've played on ps4 behind arkham knight, which i think is still the only real current gen game
0	friday is significant and more beneficial than any other day of the week for muslims.this day muslims gather together to pray in congregatin
0	zayniiebo i cant stop watched the video that have those 2nd pict.harry dancing in front of zayn and he looks so happy.ha!
0	gig at gay tomorrow with connie_mcfly hopefully 'fingers crossed' x
0	wishing super eagles under sunday oliseh the best. looking forward to see carl ikeme and emenike. god bless nigeria
0	(ansa) - milan, sept. 2 - on sunday, on the occasion of the grand prix in monza, trenord established great rides...
0	please change the 10th ww trend into niall and bianca yes much better!
0	just wanna listen to nirvana til the sun comes up
0	packing a punch: janet jackson released the album artwork for her upcoming eleventh album unbreakable on thursday
0	happy friday! ed sheeran just played on the radio and it made my day! hope everyone has a great day!
0	kevin sullivan talks about nwo ceding power to hulk hogan, greg valentine accidentally knocking himself out and more!
0	april has to live. sharknado wouldn't be the same without her tiny chainsaw. aprillives
0	keris their faces in the 2nd one are super cute. and i love that liam is all collared shirt and niall busts out the shorts...
0	may be going to the a jason aldean concert tomorrow :)
0	i'm honored you thinks so shawn. blessings to all for a brilliant day!
0	the non muslims who support us muslims, may allah guide you to haqq and the deen of islam. big love to you all.
0	i'm pleased to confirm 1albertpastie as a special guest on the bill at the foo fighters gig in mk tomorrow.
0	my 4th time playing thinking out loud by ed sheeran. i love this song so much it's one of my wedding songs
0	army cuts off boko haram's food supply: the nigerian army said thursday it has succeeded in cutting off the su...
0	abuja, aug 30 (reuters) - nigeria's security agency said on sunday it had made significant breakthroughs in the fight against boko haram
0	i hope u all have a good day bc it's friday and shawn loves u. keep smilin' (:
0	"obagoal" cheers eagles to victory: former super eagles striker obafemi martins is of the opinion that sunday ...
0	happy friday everyone. i'll be live from peabodyfootball from 5-7 tonight. then, i'll head over to liberty v milan.
0	i tell my new manager that i can't work on thursday the 10th bc hello ed sheeran and he said that was fine but i'm scheduled anyway :-) :-)
0	trainergloria michaeldickson in tel aviv in june - on a shabbat afternoon, muslims, jews, christians... all together, enjoying the sun
0	today is a good day. friday before a 3 day weekend and there's a new iron maiden record out today. already downloaded and about to listen...
0	kpop ignites the capital with its 2nd biggest concert in india: kumkum chourasia new delhi: delhizens witness ...
0	happy beautiful on may 15, within weeks of the iraqi government's recapture of the city of tikrit from islam...
0	jason lown.... i know you can appreciate this: janet jackson's 3rd single from her 4th album, escapade, came on...
0	acousticlouds yes.exactly,i want baeksoo too but kyungsoo too bz with movie maybe baekhyun 1st?keke.jongin&amp;soojung at gucci event tonight
0	i mean i'm ok with watching randy orton and shia labeouf for 2nd period
0	don?t worry, console gamers: lawbreakers may still come to the xbox one, ps4 -
0	it's friday, the sun is shining here in newport, we have a long weekend ahead, and tom brady will be on the field...
0	happy 20th b day rolling stone magazine thanks for teaching me about good music rock
0	in 4th place: gay men and the battle to be happy | by getstuart | |
0	fragrant friday - gucci bamboo: gucci has a new fragrance meant to show off the diverse sides of a guc... beauty
0	hear janet jackson's soulful new song, 'unbreakable' - fresh off unveiling the track list and cover for her 11th l...
0	anyone want to go to jason aldean concert with me tomorrow night? i can get two tickets for 30 a piece!!!!!!!!
0	dark times by the weekend and ed sheeran may be the best song i've heard in a while.
0	happy friday you crazy fucks!!! long weekend!!! 1 week till the concert!! foo fighters - best of you:
0	&amp; then foo fighters sunday ...this one is so excited he'll prob poo his pants jameswilson248
0	the girls will be attending the 2015 mtvema's in milan, italy on october 25th before they take on europe for their first european tour!
0	cesarin06 the sun is already shining for me. tom brady can play football and that evil kim davis is rotting in jail gooddays
0	i made eye contact with niall and louis last night, i was jumping and singing like there was no tomorrow
0	let's be positive about super eagles game tomorrow.
0	seabourncareer are in milan recruiting on wed 9 sept for hospitality - we look forward to meeting you. info at :
0	alexditya_ just hoping, tomorrow in indonesia , gay people will be accepted amen
0	you know you're gonna have a good ass friday when gucci and jeezy release a song together
0	foo fighters concert tomorrow. so in preparation, i'm in the gym working on those all important body parts.
0	congratulations kay_sheps! you won two ed sheeran tix for the sept 5th show in dallas! come to a113 to claim your prize! multiplyclarkpub
0	celebhelpers do you have any info for ed sheeran's hotel?? he is playing in frisco, texas tomorrow night!!
0	wishing the super eagles of nigeria the best of luck against tanzania tomorrow
0	want a chance to win 2 tickets for jason aldean's burning it down tour on september 11th at first niagara? stop in tonight!
0	caitlyn jenner will appear on the season 13 premiere of ellen tuesday.
0	just got a position m-t weekends off (: just need to make sure its all on paper tuesday when i go in to sign &amp; its all gucci!
0	just sinking in that i go to see the foo fighters on sunday. i'm actually going to see dave grohl perform. insane.
0	kinda wanna go to the jason aldean concert tomorrow
0	natasa ex catholic lady she converted to islam few month's ago may allah guide all of us and bless her.
0	i'm know i'm going to cry at ed sheeran's concert tomorrow. imissmybrother
0	foo fighters tomorrow night in milton keynes also supported by royal blood, can't wait, going to be awesome!
0	simonmagus well... iron maiden have just released their 16th studio album today... quite 'prog rock' in places...
0	dustin johnson just drove a par 4 with an iron!
0	anyone else smile fondly when ed sheeran sings about being kissed under a lamppost on 6th street? no? just me?
0	in the car on our way to milton keynes to see the foo fighters tomorrow. foofighters miltonkeynes
0	next thursday is going to be the greatest day ever! both my teachers already cancelled class and tom brady leads the pats out of the tunnel
0	dutchelevation time for the europeans to enjoy u2 sitting on the couch on a friday evening :-)
0	meek mill really dated nicki &amp; thought.. i'mon top of the world. thats what love does to you man
0	getmein need you to tweet to all your followers that there are still foo fighters tickets available for mk bowl saturday and sunday
0	im seeing the foo fighters tomorrow night, holly is returning on sunday! monday night has a lot to live up to.
0	just own the night like the fourth of july mtvsummerstar katy perry
0	keepcalm are you ready for the zac brown band this sunday night at spac?
0	going to the red sox game tomorrow what i'm most looking forward to? post game burrito at elpelontaqueria by a mile
0	finally going to watch straight outta compton tomorrow with my sisters. maybe we can sneak into a paper towns screening after... sneaky
0	in the name of god, i pray for peace to all muslims, jews, christians, world peoples. may all praise and glory be to god, forever!
0	getting around to listening to the new and amazing iron maiden album, the book of souls. takes me back, way back to when i 1st got into them
0	happy birthday gay, see you monday. imma fucking jump on you okay! have a good day my love, love you lots _sophieewhite_
0	when you realize you're going to see ed sheeran tomorrow annaleseallison
0	thanks, christians, for giving us a 24-hour break from capitalism, yet still helping to uphold it. i guess.
0	you better! and we going to gay pride.
0	i can't believe i saw ed sheeran front fucking row at fucking red rocks and then the 2nd night i snuck in and saw him 5th row
0	this is what my friday night has come to, arguing with my da about kanye west.. how can you not love kanye like?!
0	what's better than beers with triviaguy17 ? cold beers on a friday night at zac brown band bros summerofcountry
0	the tribute to janet jackson six years after the death of his brother michael monday night, janet jackson is...
0	baileybeaudry molson amphitheatre!! seeing zac brown band!! and he and his crew just came and sat in front of us ahah
0	as good as david price would have been imagine what the yankees may have in severino for the next 15-20 seasons... wow
0	trump loves christians &amp;may not be particularly 'religious' as we know it....but god is still allowing him to excel in spite of everything!!
0	the veto comp tmrw may be one of the best ever in the history of big brother. bb17
0	next monday is going to a year since my wwa show and niall's bday i am so emo
0	friday night &amp; i'm watching the red sox game with my cat. turnup
0	but it was time for paul burrell to bid farewell to the celebrity big brother house on friday night, though in...
0	attn carly fans: this sunday mornng cbsface has carly fiorina as does fox news media buzz. sarah palin with jake tapper on cnn stateofunion
0	the donald on whose on 1st; the kurds, no the quds, no, tom brady "yes", "...i can talk abt him all day, great guy, fabulous" thtsdonald
0	just saw ant-man in the theatre for the 3rd time. it's still super great.
0	happy labor day this weekend...or as scott walker calls it, "monday!"
0	happy saturday morning everyone! here's a short instrumental cover of sam smith's "i'm not the only one." we have...
0	i'm watching the movie friday, on a friday and i'm going to see ice cube next friday
0	tgif by katy perry just came on &amp; it's friday ayeeeeeeeee
0	i wish i could see shawn on the 8th
0	tomorrow's starters: david price and mike wright. even with a wright on the mound, the price is still right. bluejays
0	it's a good feeling when you're getting killed but realize you'll finish today in first place and have david price pitching tomorrow
0	preseason is over and the season officially starts next thursday. bonus for travisskarvi and tom brady is back for week 1. here we go.
0	we should probably take this opportunity to inform you that the mets have the bases loaded with 2 out in 8th and david wright batting.
0	there's nothing like being sick on a friday night, with a great book, listening to third eye blind, nirvana and radio head...
0	now playing foo fighters - cold day in the sun
0	niall's charity drive for autismdogsirl is at 44% now! donate and spread the word please! just a few more days!
0	i want to thank god and ice cube for friday.
0	joe kelly with his 7th straight win! bullpen still sucks but red sox still win!
0	can we talk about the fact that i have an ed sheeran concert next saturday and me &amp; my sister sit in seat 9 &amp; 10 in the 8th row of section 1
0	booom! winner! white sox vs. royals over 8.5 10 units buy 3 day package, get labor day monday free! save $50!
0	goodnight i'm super tired and i'm going whale watching tomorrow so i'm gonna get some rest ok have a great night shawn loves you so much
0	i hope john cena is ok it seems like he may of been dropped preety hard by kevin owens during a house show tonight hopefully it's not
0	balagamnoor wait if this is true i'm gonna be so happy bc i thought eid was on the 23rd!!!
0	nashaly021 see you there wednesday bring dunkin iced coffee 6&amp;6
0	but it's a three day weekend and we see ed sheeran tomorrow (!!!!!) so things miiiight be looking up.
0	can't wait for ed sheeran tomorrow with all my bb's
0	ok let me just say the 4th clip where harry is putting his hat on niall.... ah he looks so good
0	grammy winner sam smith performing in concert starting in perth sat 28 nov, then right around the country finishing in brisbane sat 12 dec
0	i wish sunday oliseh and the super eagles players the very best in today's encounter. naijafootball
0	then again away to see the foo fighters tomorrow, so it's no all bad.
0	flying to milan for the 1st time to watch lewis hamilton formular 1 grand prix in monza...speed excitement
0	when your sister plays iron maiden on a saturday morning, you know your work as a brother is done.
0	saturday morning means extra nice coffee, doing my nails &amp; watching tv with my little cats prepping for foo fighters gig tonight at mk bowl!
0	its a fresh start for the super eagles of nigeria when they take on tanzania....in 3 hrs! sunday oliseh era
0	wwerollins u athleticism and fighting spirit conquer the 1st place over john cena. the champ is here!
0	remember the times we used to fast forward songs to nicki's parts? now she'll slay with a 3rd album out. onika gurl. i love it.
0	i'll get up before the sun for only a select few people. ed sheeran is definitely one of them. concertday
0	exciting weekend. kitchen being fitted today foo fighters live tomorrow. iggy pop and royal blood supporting is the icing on the cake
0	such a good weekend planned. on route to the foo fighters today and then a beautiful wedding tomorrow!
0	so long summer, school is definitely back in... saturday on the couch with a movie and school work. and confirming eid travel plans :)
0	first football match of the season today and foo fighters tomorrow ifcarlsbergdidweekends
0	theonlycleoluna going to watch the brothers play rugby this afternoon and then foo fighters tomorrow :)
0	arrived at the 2015 world expo in milan. visited the slovenia pavilion such nice people. be in country monday!
0	royal blood play with foo fighters mk tomorrow. 2 of the bands i'm desperate to see, in one place. can't wait! rb were awesome at reading!
0	metal-saturday with new amorphis followed by new iron maiden. hell yeah!
0	well buzzin for the foo fighters on tuesday
0	sentlel you played a janet jackson joint around 2am on thursday night/friday morning. no verses. almost just an instrumental loop.
0	at least real football starts on thursday with a freed tom brady
0	after this prison experience i may want to get gay married. wonder who will issue me my marriage license? kimdavis
0	i am just thankful it's not raining tomorrow for foo fighters.
0	of all the things i'm envious of when it comes to professional golfers, dustin johnson's strut walk may be at the top of the list.
0	the new super eagles goalkeeper is the reason i'm watching this game. he is so super cute. tanzania'a sun is too hot for him abeg.
0	889brilafm, a fair performance for the super eagles in the first half, i hope they improve on their play in the 2nd half, goeagles
0	gds - 65 thousand tickets have already been sold for the upcoming milan derby next sunday. a sold-out is pretty much possible.
0	if milan win the derby next sunday absolute banger at my house, i promise
0	cristiano ronaldo: "we are real madrid, so we are going to win against atletico this sunday." wise words from the best player in the world!
0	purdy1981 i may be on ps4 so make sure you give me a shout on here ;-)
0	70000 tickets sold for the milan derby next sunday
0	i just wanna go see ed sheeran on thursday ://
0	promiseetim25 super eagles will get better with sunday oliseh . do you think that today outing was good? bigsammyx planetradio101
0	college game day, free pizza, and christina perri and ed sheeran tonight. happy saturday, lovelies!
0	head coach of the super eagles, sunday oliseh, has insisted he is happy with one point, after they ... badotweet
0	just realised i'll be going to see foo fighters this time on tuesday, i'm so excited!
0	this upcoming thursday my patriots are going to smash these steelers!!! tom brady is gonna be angry and he's going to put unreal s up!!!
0	okay wait before i go everyone listen to the version of last friday night by katy perry with missy elliot. it's gold. thank me later.
0	vital testimony as to the political character of the next prime minister: george osborne:
0	its_westfall21 fuck it i'll buy your jason aldean ticket if we go tomorrow haha
0	janetjackson good morning janet jackson happy saturday to you hi i am a huge fan of you how are you doing have a good weekend and happy
0	this time tomorrow i'll be waiting for the foo fighters to grace the stage with stephaniej2104 foofighters royalblood
0	remember when niall played croke on my bday. he was soo happy!! day i found out i could officially go to wwa miami too. may 23rd. good day:)
0	foo fighters tonight and tomorrow. i'm gonna have myself a foo-king great weekend... and i hope you do too!
0	jclarkcsn tebowtime316 really he is better than a many playing every year.for 3rd string he wants tom brady? tim can win.
0	ok it's september 5th, the concert is over, shawn liked 2 vines i was in, ally pointed at me, i'm not at playlist live im overwhelmed
0	benjbutton87 scullytony poblfc johns3boys ibrwt just hearing kane scored for england off to spain tomorrow it's great to be alivedubs
0	watching david price dominate... from greece. nice way to end a day of sun and souvlaki. committed
0	6-0. shelvey stakes a claim, delph impressive too and kane back in the goals in some style. sets tuesday up very nicely. ml bo66y england
0	been a little busy lately, just now getting to see ant-man. oh and i'm a child! west 21st st. warren
0	sat stat: tom brady is set to make his 14th straight opening day start, the longest active streak in the league.
0	fact: in the week after 1future released his 3rd album titled "dirty sprite 2", gucci noticed a 75% increase in flip flop sales
0	jess_maij95 awesome! it's very chilled here. working till the 25th. took my ps4 with me :) however, i might go shark cage diving though.
0	happy saturday! today we're listening to hozier's cover of sam smith! listen to it with us!
0	scirea memorial, inter 2-0 roma: milan - inter continue their good run in the 26th edition of the gaetano scir...
0	kellogg181 i've been watching naruto most of my life.this is the last movie.of course i'll wait that long besides oct 10 is naruto's b-day.
0	the white sox say mike olt is expected to join the team "in the coming days." sox back here against the indians on monday.
0	i can listen to the whole ed sheeran album from th 1st song to the last without skipping any song
0	radio just played taylor swift's "bad blood" followed by kath perry's "last friday night." clever girl.
0	mymanblu c'mon in! we'd love for you to stay since islam and arab culture is the foundation of 'merica -obama
0	like yoga? this monday is a free day of yoga in austin! of course, if you stay at the fairview in the live oak...
0	8th strikeout of the afternoon for david price's 100th career win!
0	at least i think it was a good start for sunday oliseh and the super eagles completerichness sharinghappiness
0	david price pitched the bluejays past the orioles to earn his 100th career win on saturday.
0	drmichaellbrown thank you. i just finished "can you be gay and a christian" and it was a blessing. i used it for my adult sunday school.
0	i can clearly hear foo fighters playing the milyon keynes bowl from my house. crowds are cheering like mad, sounds great. roll on tomorrow
0	i liked a youtube video josh mathews questions the look aj gave kane: raw june 4,
0	best of luck to harriet_samps and nicki doing the rainbowrun tomorrow morning!! have fun and get colourful! sundayfunday
0	don't forget: free yoga at our clarendon location tomorrow at 8:30 am! enjoy a class with one of our staff members.
0	saturday circuit with michele, morgan, gay, judy, tracy, stacy g, vicki, athena &amp; stacy c! great job ladies &amp; thank you for joining!
0	just about recovered from a mad two weeks of events. foo fighters at the mk bowl tomorrow. gonna rock out and recharge!
0	working on my brand + watching naruto = the perfect saturday
0	camerondallas july 22nd so i could be with my best friend listening to shawn again. jackscaked
0	picked up a ps4 controller for pc gaming, very pleased. day and night difference compared to the cheap 3rd party gamepad i've been using.
0	david price vs. luis severino should be pitching matchup for bluejays yankees series opener thursday. you might want to watch.
0	we know all you patriots fans are psyched tom brady's suspension has been dropped! so join us next thursday...
0	redsox unbelievable bottom of the 4th! let go red sox! 496 ortiz!
0	getting really anxious about this foo fighters concert tomorrow night haha cool :)
0	murraybarnett thanks for hosting us murray. had a great time. good luck for the cup. may the best team win. they usually do.
0	i wanna go to the gay club tomorrow night
0	cheer on your kc royals tonight, because if they win, you win! 50% off tomorrow if they beat the white sox tonight! use promo code royalspr
0	republican frontrunner donald trump said thursday he's pleased he'll get to debate with carly fiorina at cnn's...
0	ortiz post team-record 9th 30-homer season with red sox (the associated press) redsoxnation
0	just saw cashharrison on the big brother best bits advert for next saturday, just ash's face is the best bit of big brother
0	foo fighters opening with everlong tomorrow is gonna be a hot shitty mess of emotions
0	don't forget tomorrow ( sunday ) is the lords day, christians attend church on the lords day! if you don't have a...
0	i may be the only one still watching red sox games, but that team, with all the hungry young players; is fun to watch! trade hanley
0	izpandaface ohhh! i'm gonna be getting back into it on ps4 on 15th think i should start fresh though as i've not played in ages.
0	love you papi! way to go. 30! awesome!! big fan"cbsboston: ortiz belts 30th home run in red sox' win over phillies.
0	after many months of waiting, and a cancelled wembley date along the way, i finally get to see foo fighters tomorrow! exciting times.
0	wwe's 12 rounds 3 lockdown with dean ambrose may actually be a decent movie ........... maybe. wwe
0	i really hope i can grope cuties at the japan stand at the expo fair in milan tomorrow
0	ajbrooks miss you came back monday night raw love you miss you john cena boy friend miss you together we love you big fan all good much
0	it's been a good day. a busy day. but a good one. new glasses prescription. ordering new frames tuesday. did some drawing. now yoga!!!
0	keelime_ marlins adeiny3 i still remember him from waiting i'm line to see u2 at sun life. we had a nice chat about u2!
0	david wright def got his groove back on defense after a rough 1st couple games right after he returned. the captain's looking great! mets
0	tom brady will play thursday night with all his weapons gronk, amendola, etc. should be good. goodell must be pissed!
0	msangelaholmes it has a scene where ice cube sits at a lap top and says.. this his funny.. and his wife says you finished? friday is dope.
0	samsmithworld great saturday night. singing sam smith songs with my daughter and eating dinner.
0	this may be one of the best weeks of big brother in the history of ever. i love this day.
0	going to ed sheeran this tuesday with chelseawelk, i'm so stoked
0	*sappy moment* can't wait to see videos tomorrow from tonight's gig,and see niall the boys helping him jklasdfg k night otramontreal
0	we may call liam dad but let's be real, niall is dad. always havin a chat with people, checkin up on the wife and fam.
0	crew gets a fumble at the 4, murray and the o can't punch it in. kick a fg to make it 17-7. may be murray's team now. crew has been awesome.
0	we have the break ! murray breaks bellucci to 30. serving for the 1st set at 5-3 !
0	assuming murray pulls it out here all 4 matches on monday will be very intriguing.
0	murray with another huge 1st down run, 26 yds
0	a lot has happened while i was away sprain-spraying my ankle. murray has taken the 1st set 6-3 in 50 mins &amp; is up a break at 2-1 in the 2nd.
0	don't forget to ask about your chance to go see janet jackson in saskatoon on monday. we've got tickets and they could be yours tonight!
0	kyle allen making it happen. the injury to murray may have been a blessing in disguise. aggies back up 10.
0	everywhere i go by janet jackson ! ugh i remember waking up when it was still dark in the winter for school i think like 3rd grade
0	i like that bellucci is making murray work for it in this 3rd set! usopen usopen espntennis
0	teamgabrod i like pumpkin muffins from dunkin! would thursday or friday be good for you??
0	red sox score eight in the 4th where has this been all season?! these guys are having fun out there!
0	murray d. bellucci 6-3 6-2 7-5. much better play from the start compared to his last match. very tamed match. into 4th round. usopen
0	i just saw a man on 14th st with a janet jackson tattoo
0	in my college class on thursday this guy who looked like josh hamilton sat next to me i was literally about to cry
0	usopen ofcourse! looking forward to murray's 4th round game against the big-serving anderson. a potential 5-setter. usopen nightshift
0	solometal76 greenwood_gavin trinilee11 nothing wrong with a little iron maiden on a saturday night.
0	just got confirmation for my anniversary present to corey--zac brown band on the 13th!!
0	came 6 hours before the ed sheeran concert began,i waited in the hot sun and almost passed out with barely any water.but it was so worth it
0	wide awake on a sunday morning, listening to ed sheeran on the radio, such a good start...
0	aprea_andrea it was great meeting you and your crew at the gallia on thursday night. hope to see you next time i am in milan.
0	more and more i listen to one of jason aldean's songs the more and more i want to go to his concert saturday
0	"what did you do on saturday?" i sawed metal for 5 hours, then watched naruto, and was in bed by 11:30 :' )
0	clusterfunkhfx we're your 5th follower!!!! we loved you tonight at monteys!!!!! thanks for ed sheeran twice!!! xoxo come to saint john!!
0	on last sunday i was hearing the speech of kanye west at vma's and that was vry amazing and heart touching. i just loved it!!kanyewest
0	sunday funday yoga poses for you all to try getmoving juiceplus
0	i want to go to zac brown band next sunday....
0	timwelcomed since there is a wwe games group now on ps4 its a definite on ps4. may not even get it on x1 anymore now tbh.
0	2nd reading: james 2:1-5 class distinction should have no place among christians. god champions the poor in the world.theinspiration
0	camilacabello97 i want to spend late nights with you and listen to ed sheeran with you and talk with you about everything under the sun
0	foofighters two tickets to see foo fighters at bowl tonight (sunday). face value. leighton buzzard or milton keynes area. any interest?
0	taufiq_ovi go with the moto g 3rd gen 16 gb overall a very good phone, even the oneplus one is a good choice but cam better on moto g3.
0	beautiful sunday \l/ let's practice yoga! new sunday class alert! 11.30am starting today with the gorgeous anina...
0	yippee! and today we get to celebrate (belated) our 10th wedding anniversary. the foo fighters tonight!!! with...
0	say what you want about george osborne, he is a tremendous orator and political operator. bookies may as well pay out now him replacing dc
0	final completed line up for today's bluebird sessions! the foo fighters may have rescheduled their gig for tonight...
0	selling 2 upper box tickets for the sam smith show this november. hit me up if anyone's interested.
0	waken the body &amp; mind.join our monday 7am hatha yoga open level.start the week energised and refreshed.clear the mind. join healthtownuk
0	yoga, removing the obstacles that may obstruct our light shining through letyourlightshine share
0	just one day left to the expocamp! see you tomorrow 10 am, at fabriqmi in milan: we can't wait!
0	sharing a bed way niall on a sunday morning being told of the pish i spoke last night
0	liindal15 you a big john cena fan 15th time champion best wrestler future legend ever deserves respect lol
0	good straight sets win for murray last night hope he kicks on from here and good chance of winning the usopen for a 2nd time
0	here's shawn's 2nd pass of the day which put us in the 10th spot. still have 2 more qualifying passes today.
0	the 2nd day of the 3 day weekend and i'm up playing untildawn on ps4. even icecube know today will be a good day! labordayweekend
0	so offspring were amazing and set the bar very high. foo fighters went over the bar last night. now to see what brand new do on friday.
0	today, as islam and christianity clash, honest study of the white mughals of india gives reason for hope
0	i just watched sting fucking rek seth on monday night raw im so happy even that girl rekt him fuck seth rollins man
0	icymi: bluejays david price earned his 100th career victory on saturday against the orioles (7.0 ip, 3 h, 1 er, 4 bb, 8 k)
0	superb interview with iron maiden's bruce dickinson by guardianmusic
0	good morning! next sunday (sept 13th) our yoga class starts with alex. 8am at our new cobblestone location. we...
0	great sunday sesh at redcliffe on the murray today!! beautiful weather for it. it was also wilsons first gig to...
0	greenroofsuk there is more islam in austria than in saudi arabia and the gulf states. may allah bless these austrian folks.sunnysingh_nw3
0	is john cena made of steel or what? injured on friday, wrestle the next day. respect wwe
0	yoga, the sunrise and a nice long run easy sunday morning
0	do you remember when niall sang "beautiful girls" in his 21st birthday, good times can he just sing that again like can he just do it please
0	best of luck kevinanderson18 on 4th rd usopen vs murray! wish i was there to cheer you on. go illini!
0	angelou_jabines. jabinesfrancis attractive katy perry images. you may want to see:
0	good morning sunshine...foo fighters, aurora, live, milton keynes bowl, from the front, saturday... via youtube
0	falconpunched omg that's a beautiful analogy. i love that niall and louis just sat down like, this needs to play out, lets go over here
0	eddyk sunday inspiration: where will your wedding be? how about an urban chic celebration in beautiful milan, fashion capital of the world!
0	joshcollacchi to be honest, i'd let murray run it every time, even on 4th and 35, than let trey throw.
0	heading to the redsox game with my beautiful wife! consecutive sunday red sox games for this guy
0	just want to make it known that i'm gonna go see janet jackson in concert in february. you're jealous, ik.
0	i wake up to my dad blaring "dirt road anthem" by jason aldean through the house, happy sunday :-)
0	garethbale11, hii bale how r u bro on 12 sep match is their, so all the best for the match and i hope my favorite real madrid team will win
0	sam smith - bbc radio theatre: last thursday, the one and only sam smith gave an incredible conce... ckdsradio.eu
0	happy 6th birthday to murray who celebrates with us falkirkbairns today! we hope you, your friends and family enjoy your special day!
0	vote for zayn under the most inspirational uk asian category by tweeting: auktop20 asiansuk zaynmalik voting ends on september 15th!
0	good morning dallas! sunday funday ahead with yoga, brunch and ty ku sake. who's coming??
0	my parent's said i can go to milan on the 26th so i'm meeting lena in like 3 weeks i'm so happy
0	ed sheeran and sunday mornings just go together
0	starting sunday w/ yoga is a great start to day. need that class ontheyogamat. namaste
0	just watched this for the 10th time...foo fighters invitation from 1000 people playing 'learn to fly' via youtube
0	spread the beauty &amp; love of islam by being a living example of islam's beauty and its forbearing ways. may allah give us all success. ameen"
0	happy sunday! open normal hours today starting with yoga at 10:30! grab a growler fill for tomorrow's bbq!
0	it would be extremely funny if this was really a prank. i'm going to tell everyone it's for dunkin' donuts.
0	christine michael is probably the 6th best rb in the division behind murray, mathews, sproles, morris, and mostert.
0	watkinsscott u2 brother! all of the men who preach every sunday deserve a great day of rest afterwards!
0	going to a red sox game tomorrow even though im a yankee fan its fine :)
0	i can't make my mind up if i wanna drive to charlotte on the 18th to see janet jackson or not. the venue is outside
0	very surprised tom brady was willing to speak at his locker room about the deflategate decision. can't wait until thursday.
0	super hero sunday! half off any appetizer when you wear super hero attire! tom brady is a super hero, right?
0	can't wait till thursday so espn can stop talking bout tom brady but on the flip side, he play thursday smh
0	happy to see the patriots stick to the 'wednesday' tradition of not just tom brady talking but food for the media pizzaday
0	go red sox. somehow beat the jays tomorrow.
0	riverside yoga on race street pier was an awesome way to start my day. going to get a long run in, and then it's sunday funday tonight.
0	extra tickets to iron maiden baby // come with me friday, don't forget to call her and use actual words
0	g night i hv school tomorrow hope i'll wake up with niall follows
0	don't forget- yoga in haggard park at 9:30a on monday!!! see you there!
0	yoga is good also for the skin !
0	ewoks i may be streaming tonight, my friend is letting me use her cap card for the night! hopefully it works for ps4 so i can stream mad max
0	red sox off to another great start. they lead the phillies after two innings at fenway 6-0, scoring 2 in the 1st and 4 more in the second
0	my column on why tom brady speaking sunday did wonders for everyone, including himself. onto the steelers- weei |...
0	labor day sale tomorrow!!! 15% off everything in the store!!!!!! (10am-6pm) yoga classes (6am-7:45pm)...
0	i wanna go to dunkin tomorrow with 4/4 + lyndsey like that would be the actual best way to end the summer
0	yoga class! wed at 7pm! healing arts collective in philadelphia - check the link for details
0	iron maiden announce first ever double album, the book of souls that will arrive on september 4th! : )
0	i can face college tomorrow as long as i know i'll always have the comfort of shawn's songs.. even if i'm alone
0	rob brantly did what alot of white sox have not been able to do. runner on 3rd less than 2 outs and he brings him home with a sacrifice fly
0	lol what is my life i'm wearing a kameez that was one of my eid outfits in the 9th grade w a gharara from 10th grade
0	keandric hopefully you are having a great sunday afternoon i've been watching kpop videos on mxy tv today
0	the first time i ever watched shawn on tv was on michael and kelly and now he's gonna be on the show tomorrow i'm emotional
0	kris bryant crushes a hr off the big videoboard in left field. his 23rd. cubs and dbacks tied at 1 in 5th.
0	kris bryant absolutely mashed a hr. the only thing that held that ball in was the video board. left fielder never turned around..1-1 bot 5th
0	kris bryant just hit the furthest home run i may have ever seen in my life
0	7th inning at fenway park. red sox lead the phillies 6 to 1. eduardo rodriguez still on the mound for the sox, seeking his 9th win
0	ryan braun hits his 25th hr of the year, a solo shot in the 8th as the brewers trail reds 5-3 now on whby
0	i just sat down in my apartment to watch the red sox on my very own tv for the first time...and i got there in time for god bless america.
0	happy sunday mrblacksa my weekend was awesome , play for me "sam smith - stay with me"
0	followed up morning yoga with a little black bear diner. sunday funday at its finest.
0	8th inning at fenway. the red sox are 6 outs away from a 3 game sweep of the phillies, leading 6 to 1.
0	11:11 bmth+pvris tickets, sam smith to finland, happy mutuals, nail both of the presentations tomorrow !!!
0	buses to replace train services on sunday as fans flock to the national bowl to see foo fighters | onemk
0	sherryyard it was a pleasure to meet u at james beard american restaurant in milan last thursday with anthony!
0	"islam in bangladesh is like the multiple colors of a mirror under the sun" there is love in these images. a...
0	i'm seeing ed sheeran on tuesday im going to cry
0	i just think when shawn dances to his own music it's hilarious
0	wow! kris bryant! mlb a double wow at matt harvey! sac up! you may never be in the playoffs again smh cubs mets
0	kris bryant hit a career-best 467-foot home run on sunday, the longest by a cubs player since anthony rizzo's...
0	i opened this account on march 25th when zayn left, since then i've meet some amazing people who share the same love with 1d.
0	that ball kris bryant just hit is the 2nd farthest ball i've ever seen hit. he is officially ridiculous.
0	u2 concerts in ireland at the end of november possibly?! yesss! hope i get tickets! stuff of dreams to see u2 live. heroes.
0	thebullzeyekk the_poolshark mrprowestie if they keep adding non dlc weapons i may hop back on ps4 some day. it was fun...just lacking...
0	i want to go see kanye west on the 25th!!
0	i like to stop in starbucks in front of lowe's 1st, then pretend i'm at neiman's. "excuse me, but where are the new hammers from milan?"
0	may go see ant-man tonight. anyone interested?
0	redsox just thought i would put this out, red sox have the best batting avg since all star break and nearly hitting .300 since august 1st
0	glad to see john cena is healthy. that was a nasty bump he took friday night
0	98pxyrochester i would do anything for meet&amp;greets for ed sheeran's toronto show on september 20th. any way you can help?
0	the best part about the cubs winning is the free coffee at dunkin tomorrow
0	saw the foo fighters at milton keynes. the songs started. it was summer for a day and the sun went down. we walked home on unbroken legs.
0	monday is our free day of yoga. each year we serve our community with three free days of no charge for classes....
0	there's taking the high road and then there's what tom brady said about roger goodell sunday. how smart was brady...
0	spending my sunday night singing ed sheeran in my dorm room and enjoying every second of it
0	waynedixon that was an easy one. my ex did shawn's first 3 albums &amp; he was at my house when i went into labor with my 2nd son. lol
0	.evansilva i don't always stack the thursday night game in dfs, but when i do it's because tom brady is gonna throw for 500 yards.
0	a new: big brother, i am cait and bachelor in paradise and another day off tomorrow!!! yippee!!!!!!!
0	looks like shawn is heading to norway for a show on the september 17th! this is slowly becoming a small eu tour again!
0	see you on saturday edsheeran !! 5 days 23 hours 1 minutes 6 seconds until ed sheeran in atl countdown
0	egotheicon i grabbed tom brady in my snake league in the 10th and in my auction for $3. then got his suspension lifted the next day! wining
0	in interviews tom brady has gone back to being nice-guy, aw-shucks tom - nothing negative about goodell. thurs nite: psycho tom returns.
0	rebeccaxdoss oh shi. well, i know where i am heading either tomorrow out tuesday. thanks for the info. will put out to gucci use.
0	i feel like tomorrow on live with kelly and michael, they're gonna show the video of shawn singing i don't even know your name, i'm excited!
0	ok. foul play on ps4 is pretty crazy fun-got a 100 hit combo and a helluva adrenlaine rush out of the 1st level!
0	with that sweep of the royals.white sox are now 3 games closer to 1st place!whitesox mlb
0	got murray at 7. surprised but my cousin took antonio brown at 2. rodgers fell to me in the 2nd. stashed foster away in the 7th. love it.
0	golfyeezus s1ngh7 yeah murray 1st/2nd, sproles for the 3rd down td lol
0	red sox center fielder mookie betts made a tremendous catch look almost routine in the fourth inning of sunday...
0	is it me or celine dion and caitlyn jenner look alike? yep! this is my kind of sunday's question. ok! i'm gone!
0	best day watching some baseball in the sun. go red sox! fenwaypark boston redsox fenway park
0	sunday fun night. come hang out and be loved, revcoak on the ps4 tonight:
0	eli_gone_crazy signbeetle (i may have been expecting john cena but i love the song regardless.)
0	mernakhalil_ i'm going to see ed sheeran on tuesday and i am so excited i can not contain myself
0	going to go watch the 36 saints movie on my tv. night! cya tomorrow. oh i watched big brother. lol!
0	the red sox may be in last place in their division, but at least they are still the best of the last place teams.
0	kris bryant is pretty good at baseball. i think he just might have a future in it. youhearditherefirst
0	did you know that majorlazer is rocking it on oct 20 in milan? don't miss this concert!
0	join us for this partner yoga specialty class at our rio rancho club location next sunday! see you there.
0	can't doubt tom brady against the steelers this thursday!
0	our team in toronto, milan and amsterdam, would all like to wish you an easy + happy monday! socialgood feelgood
0	christians - i have a mission for you: if you haven't see the movie war room, see it tomorrow. it's very, very good.
0	ashton5sos i saw the foo fighters for the 6th time last saturday.. what's your favorite foo album???
0	i liked a youtube video foo fighters, aurora, live, milton keynes bowl, from the front, saturday 5th
0	janet jackson released more information about her new album "unbreakable," which will be out on oct 2, on her...
0	probably going to stream tomorrow when the servers come up. i'll be playing kpop and stuff so if you're interested in stopping by...!
0	thenewsjunkie shawn, your girlfriend is so pretty! she's got a sexy pout goin on. i wish y'all were going to be on the air tomorrow!
0	lornadelray haha miss you too. and i may have to come to murray sometime soon and show you guys how to party. lol
0	i hope nicki attends the givenchy show friday.
0	best birthday present ever! im going to see ed sheeran this thursday edsheeran amaliearena
0	going on an undetermined adventure tomorrow, so yeah, i saw paper towns tonight.
0	okay, i'm going to bed. rt for a solo dm with shawn!! mbf! i'll be giving them out tomorrow :)) goodnight
0	oh i watch the subbed ones. im waitin for the new ones to drop thursday. naruto got 6 path shit too. shit dope
0	niall is so freaking cute j can't just imagine him sat there on his phone/laptop scrolling through all our tweets and laughing to himself
0	niallofficial if you met me niall you'd be laughing like there's no tomorrow bro.. 1alexsummers
0	so i guess i'm going to hot yoga tomorrow morning, this should be interesting
0	the white sox swept the royals aka the 2nd best team in the mlb
0	iron maiden are the only known cure to monday.
0	"i really care to think about what i need to do going forward...i'm excited to be able to go out there and do it." tom brady on sunday.
0	**september 12th** i'm on stage live with some huge artists in the city of long beach: ice cube ashanti t pain...
0	i had an amazing day at the milton keynes bowl seeing the foo fighters and iggy pop and royal blood for the 1st...
0	have you tried one of our fab new yoga classes we have a brand new yoga class on a monday evening with david...
0	monday. go get it. come along for yoga tonight, 7:15pm. i'm back with all the enthusiasm of a puppy in a...
0	well at least we got miguel, frank ocean and the weeknd
0	congrats to debutant carl ikeme, who saved the super eagles' blushes with a brilliant display vs tanzania on saturday. madeofblack
0	jhallwood definitely, i'm free pretty much all eve but may go to yoga at 7! some good anecdotes for you
0	rosieprimrose i'm going to start yoga with amybrambleyoga tomorrow!
0	planetrockradio wyattvw awesome foo fighters gig saturday at mk, he still rocks sat on his throne but yes i would've liked him to be 100%
0	estherkj_ wow!! for katy perry i'd assume you would queue earlier. for bruno mars we got there an hour before and 2nd row.
0	lovely overhead (coronal) auroraborealis seen the night of september 6 at fairbanks alaska by m. murray!
0	thnmattlarkin kane, karlsson, getzlaf, couture available for my 1st pick. who would you take? i want forsberg and/or buff.
0	presidency: military may wipe out boko haram insurgents ahead deadline: the nigeria military could wipe the in...
0	good morning! who is up with the sun? starting my morning routine with some yoga. what do you all do to make it a great day?
0	excellent gig friday, pantera &amp; iron maiden tribute bands. those are the times you wished you hair to head bang : ) heavymetal
0	dds_doc_holiday haha i try it every time the mrs pops out. in fact i'm sat here right now in one of her gucci thongs and nothing else :)
0	hangblaa good question! contrary to common myth, in islam women enjoy equal rights. i will talk in detail about women in islam tomorrow :)
0	i'm going to sob like a child at foo fighters tomorrow, i can just feel it
0	yeppers we are hooking you up all week with zac brown band tickets! =)
0	long weekend!! yoga outside under the sun, tai chi set and chai tea for quiet time with the dao te ching. namaste
0	just a reminder no brewery yoga this saturday september 12th. still come and celebrate with aardwolf brewery for...
0	sam smith blew my mind and pulled on my heartstrings at electricpicnic on saturday. best act of the weekend! samsmithworld you da best!
0	appreciate your recent retweets outbristol badboystours briangilad have a great monday and welcome to the gay travel community
0	jharrison9292 target acquired, tom brady, thursday night, you get fined, i will start a gofundme page to pay it for you :p &lt;3
0	carl ikeme really tried for the super eagles last saturday. finally a tough rival for enyeama. so calm and calculated.
0	i can't wait ... for tom brady to win 4 more titles in the next 15 years. the nfl is a joke with godell.
0	lfcaffiliated bbcsport they won la liga in 94 and got to euro final in 94. they were 2nd best team in world. milan were just the best.
0	excited to move &amp; sweat at the dance yoga workshop this sat are you coming? yoga london
0	have a good labor day red sox fans!!! enjoy the baseball!!! boston hosts the blue jays monday!!! go boston!!!
0	heymissaj yeah we went to a kpop concert last friday and it was soo awesome!! ohh haha for 3 months xd
0	my son is walkin out with the eng team tomorrow night,told him under no circumstances can he b holding hands with kane,am i right 2 say that
0	gotta love the tom brady network lol c'mon man stop riding this guy mikeandmike cheater
0	happy labor day! or as scott walker would put it, "get back to work, assholes, or i'll bring in cheaper workers who'll work *every* monday."
0	me today = this. glad i took a day's leave after not getting back from foo fighters gig until half 3 this morning.
0	carly fiorina is 11th person in debate. cnn make exception for her. tv stations all gave her air time over weekend. she is at 5% -
0	hits96radio i'm surprising my mom with a trip to see ed sheeran for her birthday in atlanta on saturday. help us meet him please!!!
0	frank ocean's verse on sunday is just perfection
0	david_garrett thank a lot to you, david, for the magic music night in milan on 2nd last!!! we wait for you back (with orchestra)
0	a treat for bondgeek's booking today as tomorrow we'll hear more on the title song now anticipated to be sung by sam smith? spectre
0	holy yoga in webster groves resumes tomorrow! come practice yoga and reset the posture of your heart....
0	wwe announcer: he's slithering in... randy orton is in a place we've never seen him before! *randy orton floating in the 13th dimension*
0	dpsass jared_carrabis mattyinmaine nfl tom brady is the defending champ and best qb in the league honey. he should've been picked 1st.
0	fxrbes headline tomorrow: frank ocean's album is finally here the title is "long &amp; weird"
0	ooc: *looks at nightstand * *sees bottle of katy perry perfume * oh my god....exo_grendel .....i think i may have it!!!!
0	okay all i want is to meet shawn at the airport because i have a game tomorrow and got vip but won't be there early
0	if kris bryant can hit 3 more hrs by the end of the season, he will be the 2nd best rookie in cubs history behind kerry wood if not the best
0	just seen this picture from saturday at foo fighters. minions always make me think of doddsy1975
0	ha... just got tickets for foo fighters with mads tomorrow night. can't wait.
0	the sting becomes the knew world champion on monday night raw. john cena retains his united states world champion
0	dengeki bunko fight climax ignition coming to ps4, ps3, and vita december 17th. hope that means a localization soon after the first is here.
0	happy labor day chadmmurray and sarahroemer. hope you enjoy baby murray's 1st labor day. much love to yall and baby murray
0	eli4copa90 on sunday in milan it's derby day! i'm re-wearching that video about it, sick. amala forzainter
0	pkollar ambisagrus i'll be home from work by around 9 est latest, if y'all want to start a ps4 party for that tomorrow
0	blue jays 3rd josh donaldson deserves the al mvp for sure. and that's coming from a red sox fan. that man is fun to watch.
0	so it's official! sam smith is singing the spectre theme and it's releasing tomorrow. i'm...ambivalent until i hear it
0	monday nights love zone with ruth includes songs from katy b, janet jackson, blue, squeeze, bon jovi, gabrielle...
0	looks like i'm going to another white sox game wednesday night! whitesox
0	hi all! i'm extending my weekend by one day! so, please do something else life-giving tues. night instead of yoga! namaste, nancy
0	back to our normal schedule tomorrow! get the kids to school and get yourself to yoga!!! 9:15 - vinyasa...
0	chris sale will take a no hitter into the 7th today and the white sox will win a wild card. you heard it here first
0	i'm going to see paper towns again tomorrow with a friend yay
0	so excited to see the foo fighters tomorrow dreamcometrue
0	2-run hr by jackie bradley jr., red sox now up 7-2 over toronto, what a 2nd half he has had
0	mom: "so you got u2 on wednesday night... what time does college start on thursday?" me: "8:30" mom: [walks out of room laughing maniacally]
0	thevanpan 3. have the discography of katy perry. i may suck at every other song, but i shall never lose at teenage dream.
0	captain dubs! david wright gives the mets back the lead with an rbi single to make it 6-5 mets in the 7th inning
0	islam make her really special. in quran there is a special chapter with her name as the surah. may peace be with her
0	let the red sox have their fun today like the o's did friday, win the next two and go into nyy in first place.
0	felt privileged to play foo fighters songs on guitar today with one of the plectrums from the gig on saturday.
0	there are so many foo fighters songs i'd love to see live, but i think february stars is the one i'd like to see the most
0	niallsf niall, hope you have a free night tomorrow 2 catch anklondike on tg4 &amp; tell all our friends. it's not 1916 seachtar, it's better!
0	sunderland weekly gay friendly event tomorrow at the the basement. get on the event for guest list !!...
0	yoga at home, then walking in the woods in the sun loggerheadscp fizz &amp; catch up with the mother in the garden gooddayoff
0	nicki better release a raunchy vid for trini dem girls so it can get her 1st grammy
0	tonyredmen1 hey tony saw you in the pit at foo fighters on saturday, but didn't have the chance to say hi! did you have a good evening?
0	i will be oddly satisfied if the red sox can finish the season in 3rd place in the division.
0	crosbynet yoga every saturday at beach lawn garden 10-11am. going to carry on outdoors every weekend until defeated by the weather! :)
0	so niall's tweet increased my already existing pcd....i need the 5th album to make me feel better...just saying.
0	it's going to be an year since my wwa concert on sunday, niall's birthday )):
0	5sos yepo i came in milan it was my 1st concert and it was so good you guys did an amazing job! you are flawless live like perfect!
0	jamestwmusic can't wait to see you next tuesday at shawn's concert at o2sbe
0	i'm going to be so emo tomorrow at the concert bc the best buy theater is so special bc thats where i first saw shawn headline a show ever
0	monday night yoga! well you all brought some sunshine to the studio for my first day back teaching. ashtanga...
0	mlbfantasy josh donaldson went 3-for-4 with a solo homer and two runs scored monday against the red sox.
0	back in the loo today! we are christians that are students. not students that are christian. may this be a blessed year of ministry. go lord
0	like i can- sam smith cover! check it out :) don't forget i'm playing at the ludington pub sunday! likeican
0	n_embo hogarthswfield toastedorange jodiekins22 ossettobserver hullo nicki! thanks for invite, 'twas in the same venue last wed!
0	andy_murray knows how to wring my nerves! talk about tension and it's only the 1st set :-) brilliant stuff. behind you all the way murray!
0	you dont understand how excited i am for the foo fighters tomorrow!! mother fuckin foofighters foofighters *whispers* foo fighters
0	this red sox team, this one, start over in may they win the pennant and good chance at world series ..........go sox
0	free sup yoga demos this saturday courtesy of instructor lindsay.lambert.18! come try it while you're at...
0	haha i'm going to see foo fighters tomorrow jesus christ that's just hit me
0	1 set up and has already broken murray in the 2nd. this is beautiful from kevin
0	daretohart i'm not a huge fan myself but you know murray will probably comeback in the 3rd &amp; 4th set knowing him.
0	tgawd____ trash ol? theyve looked excellent so far. trash rbs?j-stew ran for 486 yards in the final 5 games last season, 2nd only to murray
0	murray has this. he may not have it at the moment but i'm not worried usopen murray
0	super super super excited about gay pride on the 19th too mf hype.
0	of the 2 milton keynes setlists the foo fighters played this past weekend, the saturday was definitely the better one. glad i was there
0	notzeev ikr, gonna be me tomorrow night "hi costco, naruto ready for work, believe it!"
0	what an effort from murray in that 2nd set. got to take the momentum from the last few games into the 3rd. usopen
0	my son's braden 8th birthday got money in the bank briefcase due to seth rollins. can you say happy birthday seth rollins to my son?
0	thursday will mark tom brady's 14th consecutive opening day start, the largest active streak in the nfl!
0	david wright really showed up in the 7th inning of the mets win today. had the go-ahead rbi and a crucial run scored. easy guy to root for.
0	there you go! murray breaks back in the 3rd. can he make another comeback here? looooong way to go! usopen2015 usopen
0	murray breaks again!! back to back breaks in the 3rd set, game face on!
0	joannalangfield concerned. if murray can win this 3rd set, i think/hope he can win the match :)
0	just as i say how good anderson has been, murray goes 3-1 up in the 3rd. of course. usopen
0	yoga tomorrow at 7:30 pm at illuminate! i can't wait to see you guys there!
0	i start school tomorrow and i'm only going because i don't want nicki to be mad at me
0	15-30 on murray's serve, but the scot more up than down finally and grabs the hold of serve with a couple of aces. andy up 4-3* 3rd set.
0	really great match this now. anderson is going for broke on every murray 2nd serve, and murray is winning most rally points now. usopen2015
0	konta has started well, at least on her own serve. murray has a big moment at 4-4 in the 3rd, down 2 sets. usopen
0	murray does well to hold. 5-4 to murray. anderson to serve to stay in the 3rd set usopen
0	braingametennis if murray takes 3rd set i think he'll win
0	lets go andy! murray wins the 3rd set, down 1-2. usopen andymurray
0	get in!! murray take the 3rd!! (anderson leads 7-6 6-3 6-7) usopen2015
0	we're going to a 4th set!! murray just dominated that tiebreak, wins it 7-2. he's pumped up now!! usopen2015 murray
0	murray stays alive! he wins the 3rd set 7-6! usopen tennis
0	come on andy_murray!! tempted to make my way across to flushing meadows on wednesday if murray comes back to win here! usopen
0	skysportstennis the later i stay up the better...c'mon murray!
0	skysportstennis it's why i love tennis. one minute looks like murray is down and out. next minute anything is possible! c'mon andy_murray
0	serialsockthief definitely although i think if murray does enough to win the 4th set he'll go on and win it.
0	tomorrow kicks off 5$ class week! come try out our new morning classes. slow burn yoga with barrett starts at 9:30 tomorrow am!
0	it may only be the round of 16, but holy cow! don't tell that anderson and murray! incredible match! 3hrs and 40min so far. usopen2015
0	this murray vs anderson match is great. 4 hour match and it's still in the 4th set.
0	[ mets' david wright on stretch run: 'i'm going to enjoy this' (mon, 7 sep 2015
0	iamkennyholland how about the sc state fair on october 16th and you perform with shawn. that would be a dream come true tbh
0	taco tuesday has a full line up! 6:15am baptiste yoga with alice 9:30 barsculpt w/ leslie 10:30 barsculpt...
0	there's a little less than a month left of baseball, i see no reason why the red sox can't get the 2nd wildcard
0	murray now holds to love and he levels the 4th set at 5-5. pressure straight back on anderson. his longest match at the open usopen
0	holy shit murray &amp; anderson have been battling for 4+ hours on grandstand. only the 4th set. usopen
0	tomorrow kicks off muslim awareness week! come to our first event tomorrow at 11:00 a.m.: the brown bag on islam.
0	superb from anderson. good fight from murray as always. 2nd serve just ain't strong enough imo.
0	anderson beats murray in the 4th round usopen2015 excellent game. wellplayed.
0	i think ice cube may be the greatest rapper ever...
0	murray's form has been tremendous this year ... a win tonight would've seen him reach 60 victories in a season for just the 2nd time
0	jessica is bringing me dunkin tomorrow, who's the real mvp?
0	kris bryant helped the chicago cubs to a sweet victory against the arizona diamondbacks sunday when he smashed the record for longest hit
0	in 72hrs tom brady will be leading the nfl with 12tds at the end of the 1st quarter.
0	the zac brown band absolutely killed it on saturday night!! hersheypark stadium
0	who's seeing ed sheeran tomorrow night? this guy. edsheeran you should buy me a beer cuz i can't afford one.
0	randy orton still got he looks mon!!!
0	i love me some college football but i can't wait to watch some tom brady and the patriots play on thursday. nfl
0	nothing like eating pizza watching john cena wrastle with the roomie on a monday night liz_jones26
0	the only time it is okay to discriminate towards christians is with handing out presents on 25th december. refugeescrisis auspol
0	tomorrow yoga practice is about connecting with our third eye! new soundtrack too!!!! reveilleyogastudio riversideyoga
0	shawnmendes good night shawn, i have to wake up early for school is tomorrow but i want to say that i love you
0	shawn.. go to sleep please? saving your beautiful angelic voice for us tomorrow. love you!
0	i'm just excited to work the zac brown band concert this saturday
0	just finished my 2nd moments of triumph on ps4, first being on xbox one. does that make me like... a super guardian?
0	i'm just ready for thursday to see tom brady eat
0	orangerb3 just got back. heading back to the gorge for foo fighters on friday
0	thursday night can't come here early enough. tom brady versus the awesome steelers secondary haha
0	kimdavis carly fiorina promises to bring the memory of her to kims jailhouse tomorrow.
0	this may be unexpected but i found a very special lady with similar personalities! nicki and miley beef is over! misstaylertexas
0	on niall's birthday on sunday the 13th, we should all tweet a video on why we love and appreciate him. happybirthdayniall
0	wondering about carly fiorina on the 2nd amendment? wonder no more. trump has supported gun control. carly4president
0	wow!! just waking up to this. saw it up to 2-1 murray in 3rd set. anderson was unbelievable; incredible win.
0	hot yoga was intense tonight. hope i can handle the power vinyasa class on friday. eeek
0	caitlyn jenner on ellen: i've got my 8th grandchild ready in the oven. i automatically thought of the visit. lol
0	tom brady playing on thursday makes the nfl season opener better to be honest nobody wanted to see a 2nd string qb
0	amnewsboy well... i'm seeing foo fighters at the gorge on saturday... there's something else... i can't quite put my finger on it...
0	tickets almost sold out!, see me at the queen mary in long beaxh next saturday with ice cube,, ashanti,, t pain,, 2nd to none,, shutdown
0	just like peyton or montana or rogers or andrew luck, tom brady may not have 4 sbs but no matter where he was drafted brady was gonna win
0	foo fighters going to be a great day at murrayfield please say happy 21st birthday to kane that would top off his day
0	staying up 2 watch the anderson v murray match was so worth it. only missed some of the 4th set when my eyes couldn't anymore!
0	may or may not have just signed up to do morning yoga at the sleeping beauty castle hehe
0	there is an emoji app with kanye west emoji's called yemoji i may or may not have downloaded it
0	morning everybody - weather's great, and i hope you all enjoy this tuesday. as u2 would say....
0	i liked a youtube video one direction waving at fans at the window of their hotel in milan, december 12th
0	iknowimnottheonlyone sam smith... homie... playa... you are giving me tuesday morning deepness level 8 yoh keepingmyshizztogether
0	'writing's on the wall' is the theme song for spectre. sam smith is the artist. look forward to hearing it on the 25th.
0	we can't wait to hear the new bond song by sam smith out on september 25th! spectre
0	the name's smith, sam smith. the songsmith's just been confirmed as the spectre singer, hear his bond song "writing's on the wall" sept 25
0	people may talk ill about sam smith 's orientation. but i must state that his songs still remain my anthem in the morning! samsmithworld
0	i dont know if this match is live btwn anderson&amp;murray, but murray take the 3rd set...he's kinda frustrated but still...go andy!!! usopen
0	monday's baseball roundup: mets rally, beat nationals in nl east showdown: david wright raced around the bases...
0	check out our new timetable for round 4 - note the addition of fit yoga on tues (tba) and fridays!! healthy heart...
0	i'm going to see the foo fighters tonight in edinburgh! i expect to be 10% a better human being tomorrow morning!...
0	just had an email from my boss: are you free fri 25th to go milan? er, let me see.... yes!!
0	the 34-year-old was seen swooning over the blonde beauty as the couple shared a hot bath together in celebrity big brother on saturday
0	yoga teachers... are you ready?? teenyogauk freshers... are you ready?? thesuatuwe yogagirlscan lands tomorrow, join us for free yoga!
0	going to dunkin for breakfast w rhianna was the best choice i could've made on a monday morning
0	to my u2 followers and everyone else,my twitter feed is going to be full of curling tweets until sunday. besttimeoftheyear grandslamcurl
0	only thing getting me through the week is seeing tom brady's sexy ass play on thursday
0	good morning and happy tuesday with tom brady's "the balls song"
0	hello tuesday, i had a nice looooong weekend, now it's time to work. (at lowes home improvement in murray, ky)
0	win tickets to see janet jackson at the air canada centre on september 15th!
0	vaeltaa have you listened to sam smith? he has a soulful voice, he may be able to pull this off.
0	celebrate the fall harvest at the flickerwood wine fest september 26 &amp; 27 in kane thingstodoinpa fallharvest
0	happy birthday yoga with yogawithadriene to celebrate my 23rd! birthday yoga
0	onedirection you guys i see you soon tomorrow omg omg yay i love you guys so much come to our malls later on today ok i want to see niall
0	if anyone wants 4 zac brown band tickets for comerica park this saturday we have 4 on the field for $100 each.
0	seeing shawn tomorrow is the only thing that's getting me through the day.
0	foofighters on our way to edinburgh it's our son kane's 21st -we brought him up on great music! please say happy birthday.thanks guys
0	it's waxx new music tuesday! this morning we're featuring the brand new song from zac brown band called...
0	itweetfeeds well, we guessed it! icymi: on monday, sam smith shared an inneresting photo tha... ff itweetfeeds
0	classes tomorrow... have you ever wanted to try pilates or yoga? great exercises for both mind and body....
0	people always forget the fact that shawn achieved so much in the age of 16 like his 1st single, ep and first album all went 1 on charts
0	renamed "battle of the barges" bos waterfront fireworks saturday, "tom brady is free." nice show!
0	yoga successfully negotiated with only a hint of knee collapse but no meditation today. tomorrow is the one and all will be well..in theory.
0	brandonflowers you should do something extra special for chicago on friday and sing u2's ultraviolet. it's so perfect when you sing it.
0	can't wait until thursday night for football and watch the best qb tom brady come out onto the field a starter and finally be free. gopats
0	andrew luck featured in the latest rolling stone and on the cover! nfl kickoff is this thursday! colts regular...
0	walk into work, see "john cena" graffitied on the ground.. nice. tuesday
0	carly fiorina may make some inroads toward some dem support if she support some dems initiatives including admitting obama did some good!!!
0	see you tomorrow at dunkin' donuts in hoxsie from 10-11!
0	all i ask for my birthday is for tom brady to show out thursday night and get the w! ready for some football!!!
0	been having so much fun in the ocean!! can't wait for tomorrow's big waves but off to yoga to stretch it out! yewwww
0	i'm very happy to hear that, sam smith will be singing the theme song of spectre bring on october 26th
0	this adorable old couple in dunkin literally made my day, he's turning 89 tomorrow and talked to me about how he was drafted for the wwii
0	tom brady is the quarterback of all time, no conversation whatsoever. go debate your blind 5th cousin.
0	i have a fantasy football draft tonight and will be taking tom brady with my 1st, 2nd, 3rd, and 4th overall picks.
0	niallofficial hi niall tomorrow is my birthday if u follow me it will be the best gift ever x3
0	tuesday class at 4:30 pm...yoga for every body; perfect end of first day of school!
0	sam smith may do well with his bond song but no one beats adele's "skyfall"
0	may allah guide us all to the straight and balanced path and put the love of islam into our hearts.
0	hey sugar junkies! don't miss our sugar blues workshop with abbi miller holistic nutrition + yoga on tuesday,...
0	jessglynne yes i love it!! can't wait to see in milan tomorrow!!
0	got your tickets for jason aldean concert friday well don't for get to book your limo for it!!! we got great...
0	yousrafazal chanel is favourite brand - gucci comes in 2nd place! i have a big addiction when it comes to buying perfumes. i need to stop
0	jmcatee i think i may have to make kris bryant my best man now.
0	i love how randy comes back in time to be involved in a ppv and we all accept it because c'mon it's randy orton
0	it's good to kno the nfl season starts thursday, so we can hear about other teams other then tom brady an the pats! idontcareiftheycheated
0	that's us signing off. tweeting resumes from 7am tomorrow. safe travels and enjoy foo fighters if you are going to murrayfield tonight.
0	hello my followers fans one direction, i ask you to do this tendency september 13 with the hashtag happy birthday niall
0	now let's go from milan to bologna - tomorrow i'm going to shop accessories (for my shop and (almost) not for myself ;))
0	can't wait until april 4th. red sox opening day at cleveland. april 11th they open at home versus baltimore. redsox
0	only perfect counts for realmadrid bethedifference order the new real madrid 3rd jersey at
0	naked_inmy_vans i'll be indy sunday night of zac brown band concert! but we need to plan a get together with everyone soon
0	thisislijoe play the multiplayer mode. then pick up and play the rrmastered uncharted 1-3 for the ps4. release date is october 6 i think.
0	tuesday is a great day at love life hot yoga with great classes to choose from! breathe. move. sweat. at 5:30 (90...
0	paul mccartney shared official video of his sweet lollapalooza encore with brittany howard
0	officialmarko it's so amazing receive your tweet!!! tomorrow no but i'm waiting you in milan!!! love love
0	we are so excited to announce our adult fitness program for the 2015-2016 season! join us for yoga on monday...
0	celebrate the first day of classes with us tomorrow: saa will have dunkin' coffee and donuts in centennial commons tomorrow morning at 7:30!
0	i just liked "backstage with kanye west - saturday night live" on vimeo:
0	saw the playstation 20th anniversary ps4 controller up close today. oh, man, do i want this (as a huge fan of the original playstation).
0	i always kinda liked the steelers but tom brady about to show out thursday night
0	goal! kane 1-0 england his 3rd in 4 internationals. shaw with a great pull back and kane slams it home with his left. engvswi
0	halifax students are you ready for some free hot yoga? sept 13 - 19 enjoy one free week of sweet sweaty goodness.
0	some ri cycling. some red sox baseball. some timjohnsoncx storytime on the bike. what's not to love?!
0	good lord the food in italy is so damn good.. found a random cheap spot in milan.. venice tomorrow!
0	i like what i saw tonight, particularly in the 2nd half. 8 up/8 down. let's keep rolling lads (hey roy, you play kane always) england
0	kane with a brilliant finish tonight as england win 2-0 . let's hope he takes his performance into the game on sunday
0	ed sheeran next tuesday!! with popjennie17 cantwait thinkingoutloud ateam drunk legohouse sing one edsheeran
0	john kasich may be the only republican presidential candidate who i feel like wouldn't completely ruin america if elected.
0	tomorrow night we are starting some new programs! yoga session 1 starts at 5pm at the courcelle building and...
0	it's 10pm. i'm sat in my chair watching royalrumble, spaming moiststrawberry with brock lesnar gifs. great night.
0	yoga's been around for 2,500 years but the sun salutation has only existed 100 years. interesting programme on bbc4.
0	with kane and rooney seemingly forming a great partnership, it shows how great a signing man utd may have wanted to make rooney kane mufc
0	decided to start going to yoga classes again. starting tomorrow. better clean my mat then..
0	dustin pedroia returns to the red sox lineup...out since july 22nd..."win every game the rest of the way we're in."...a 29 game win streak?
0	raw review: seth rollins, sting &amp; the statue, the best segment ever, rusev, ryback &amp; his backstage promos &amp; more
0	say hello to vince and april! our first ever murray's students of the month! check out our blog to read all about...
0	kane is going to a jobs fair tomorrow and i just read the first cv he's ever written. it's awesome! is give him a job :-)
0	i wanna go see the zac brown band this friday.
0	i see janet jackson in concert this friday. most of you probably never heard of her. :-) excited
0	missed the game, but awesome that kane scored. should help a ton for sunday. confidence
0	nothing like it november... rickyaross martyn_joseph and u2... christmas is definitely early!
0	early heads up for the dimensionaughts! be ready, friday night we pay respect &amp; i mean respect to iron maiden. ya snooze ya lose ure
0	my butt cheeks hurt and i love it! yoga, lunges and squats lol might go back for round 2 of yoga on thursday...the positions we did&gt;&gt;&gt;
0	floyd mayweather fights andre burto this saturday. all i gotta say is where all the hype at????? lol
0	tomorrow 5pm in gsc buy tickets to ed sheeran in concert at riverbend on 9/17. tickets are $20 cash. see you there!
0	i guess you could say that i have the red sox bug after friday's game, so naturally i'm looking at season tickets...even though i'm broke
0	i get to see ed sheeran on thursday. and stephan is going with me. my excitement levels are through the roof. :d
0	david wright hits a homer that lands four rows from the concourse in lf, an absolute bomb. it's now 2-1 nats in the 2nd.
0	that was david wright's 3rd home run of the season!
0	jaimemiciah drop them off at king kog on your way to cx practice tomorrow! shawn is the best!
0	one and only time i am rooting for the red sox is tonight and tomorrow
0	nice 'w' tonight with bigbuckbrock shooting 38, milan 44, ferrellwade 45, chet 48 against fm. be ready tomorrow as we take on the buccs
0	somebody should bring me a ice chips ahoy from dunkin donuts tomorrow i'll pay you back
0	hocking hills yoga studio had a great explore yoga class at the winery tonight! next class is thursday at 6pm! hockinghillsyogastudio
0	fresh off the fight of the decade, this saturday floyd mayweather is back to defend his welterweight world title...
0	stoolpresidente this shirt got a lot of love here in virginia last thursday at the jason aldean concert!
0	mia_noel lol do you mia, do you. back in my day we skipped band on a monday to see ed sheeran &amp; came to school the next day to tell every1.
0	i got two tickets vip to ed sheeran tomorrow at the american airlines arena. hmu if you want them
0	i love how aggressive both serena &amp; venus are being off the 2nd serve return. murray would lose this match! cbfowler bgtennisnation
0	hold on... sam smith may do the theme to spectre!? dope!!!!!! 007 spectre jamesbond
0	my baby girl start school tomorrow i pray she has a wonderful school year coming. i love you baby girl nirvana
0	so excited to be going with my lil girl jaz to see ed sheeran &amp; christina perry tomorrow night daddyjazadventures
0	goodnight i know it's super early and i'm missing shawn's performance but i have a huge test tomorrow and i need sleep ok shawn loves you
0	betweenthehedge vivianjo1 cosmosmom1952 don't you just love them to pieces?!?! murray is my 3rd. i can only handle one at a time tho. lol
0	can't wait for our first vinyasa power yoga class tomorrow with our new instructor arielle! come join us at...
0	the wam (write around the murray) book festival starts today at the albury library/museum and goes until sunday... go check it out!!!
0	a pumpkin muffin from dunkin will be the only way i make it through tomorrow without crying a lot
0	i'm going to bed , i hope evan has a great day at school &amp; i'm so proud to see shawn rocking it tonight first day tomorrow i love them both
0	serena is one of the best athletes in the world. like may weather at his sport or kobe or tom brady
0	clarkhoward to add to your budget smartphone list, may i introduce to you, the new moto g (3rd gen) which is unlocked and starts at $180!!
0	tomorrow is the day, see you all soon! event: fh club x mymilan milan luxury clearance sales date: 10th-12th...
0	so sorry i haven't been on today i've been busy but tomorrow in going to a ed sheeran concert ahh!!
0	always give music a second chance bc the 1st time i heard ed sheeran i didn't like it but here i am willing to give my leg to see a concert
0	seeing janet jackson this friday and i think i'm going to cry the whole concert
0	red sox falling apart in the 10th. it's so beautiful. and i'm so, so, so sleepy.
0	wow, the red sox pitcher is the definition of "on tilt" here in the 10th. crazy how that balk happened.
0	zayn reminds me of rih. this may be blasphemous to say but i feel like he's about to be a male version of her which is good
0	trevor_theobald jays have scored 4 in the 10th. thanks for the mammaries red sox. this game is over trevsniptweets
0	zaynmalik hi, zayn! tomorrow is thelightinitaly's 15th &amp; she absolutely loves you. if you could please tweet her, it would make her day!
0	i just realized that i'm seeing ed sheeran in concert on thursday. yeah still don't believe it's that close edsheeran
0	niallofficial hi, niall! tomorrow is thelightinitaly's 15th &amp; she absolutely loves u. if you could pls tweet her, it would make her day!
0	let's go blue jays! wheels have come off the red sox in the 10th. cometogether
0	i literally just sat and talked to my mom about tronnor &amp; how much troye &amp; con &amp; shawn are role models for me and showed her wild &amp; how +
0	i really might wear my david wright jersey and carry around a broom all day tomorrow
0	1dinsidereport thanks for another great show, miss you tomorrow as i am going to ed sheeran! will catch up on your tl when i get home!
0	niallofficial niall love me to as much as i love you ok your my everything your my romeo and i'm your juliet ok see you tomorrow ily niall
0	frank ocean's aaliyah cover of at your best gets me every time .. 110 that song is gonna be my 1st dance song with the woman i marry
0	listening to a gay man narrating his love life is the nicest thing i have ever done :) c'mon people, i am in brazil :)
0	i was thinking about niall and how he was really cute at 16 and then i remembered his 22nd birthday is in five days and i can't cope with it
0	ian_mendes i was at the game tonight, the amount of blue jays fans there was incredible. by the 10th it was 50/50 with red sox fans.
0	nightttt!! wish me luck for school tomorrow and i'll show you my shawn and 5sos shirt when i'm back
0	sam smith had twice the reason to celebrate on tuesday, picking up best solo artist honours at the gq men of the...
0	rbohlender i will hear a u2 when i pass through the pearly gates. too bad i'm not a sunday school teacher, i'd teach that
0	when i think of you by janet jackson was no.10 in the uk charts on 8 september 1986
0	so what i'm focusing on is motivating tom brady and my team i want them to have a great game thursday
0	finally the international break is over real madrid returns this saturday in la liga against espanyol at 16:00 cet! halamadrid
0	i may not remember where i was the day kennedy was shot, but i remember jerking off the first time i watched katy perry's "i kissed a girl."
0	i may regret this later in the season, but i'm so happy for david wright.
0	savesnjh i got inspiration from niall in the 2nd outfit bc all he wears is a stripped shirt &amp; black pants ok
0	good stream tonight will be back with more mad max tomorrow.....i want a ps4 so i can play until dawn fackkkk see you tomorrow!
0	so the usa is awesome because all republicans are having gay marriages tomorrow! freedomofspeech
0	sunday night can't come soon enough i'm excited already i hope our new players understand the importance of the milan derby inter_en fcim
0	u2 tickets for ssebelfastarena on sale on monday. will be a tough ticket, &amp; will be concert of the year. u2belfast
0	i'm gonna jump into damnitkasey's window playing the john cena anthem tomorrow night. fyi
0	will this really be it for mayweather?: las vegas: floyd mayweather says he will call it quits after saturday'...
0	john cena ,if ua good u will beat john cena for the 1st round but forget abt the 2nd round we dont give up.
0	gabrielolvera_ lol alright i'll add you when i get on tomorrow. and you should get the new naruto in feb. so i can flex you bro.
0	ukrunchat yesterday was recovery swim after a half marathon. tonight's yoga. tomorrow, going to a new run club! :) runchat
0	winnipeg sun: "but make no mistake: janet jackson played to win. and did." unbreakablewinnipeg unbreakableworldtour
0	well, my posse and i arrived safe and sound on monday, close to noon, in milan. the flight was great. here's the...
0	marnin! started my day with 7 sun salutes, (yoga position that sounds like a cocktail) &amp; a foam roll, (gym equipment that sounds like cake)
0	woodhousecurtis see ricky hatton has said in an interview that floyd mayweather is the 3rd best of all time
0	"let us pray for christians who are victims of persecution, so that they may know how to respond to evil with good." pope francis
0	wacky wednesday time. oh you know its on! what is your favorite yoga pose? let's see it, but in the most...
0	a sunny wednesday, here in milan, italy. summer is lingering. cool nights mean you can sleep :)
0	cuni__ i get to see her tomorrow night when she opens for ed sheeran. can't wait for both!
0	tom brady gone get it tomorrow hopefully he ready
0	best of luck to the 8th grade cbc rush students on the chapin c team football. let's go caleb, jarrett, and shawn! praying for you guys!
0	yoga with kids! all welcome fun beginner yoga class mooroolbark $5 tomorrow morning 9:30am :)
0	super eagles coach sunday oliseh recorded his first victory with the eagles as nigeria beat niger 2-0 in a...
0	ice cube gives iggy azalea the nod of approval: 'she makes dope songs' | music | the guardian
0	after the exciting news of "u2" announcing irish dates in november, here's an interesting little fact, :) when u2...
0	namaste ~ we have a relaxing weekend planned for you! 10 sept 10:30 am kid's yoga at baransu &amp; 4 pm beginner...
0	tom brady leads my team into the long season in hopes of winning the golden rhino head tomorrow night!
0	arbeloa: "thanks to my friends for the inviting to beinsports. hopefully, on may 28 we meet in milan!"
0	janet jackson on the 15th, then ed sheeran on the 20th. when there is good music, hc is all smiles.
0	meet the 16 best social innovators from eibinstitute social innovation tournament on 24 sept in milan! socinn
0	tom brady is the nfl's favorite child! he could rob a bank and still suit up on sunday!
0	sam smith is singing the song for the new james bond. i think i may have fallen in love even more. spectre bond
0	foo fighters last night. .. tonight i get to start a new book. rock and roll , it's how i roll and valmcdermid gig on friday!
0	i liked a youtube video daniel bryan explains to randy orton that he needs to hug: smackdown, january 18,
0	we have added a second night of yoga which will start this thursday at 7:30pm! hope to see you there! ymca
0	to the people ordering hot coffee at dunkin rn: congrats on harnessing the power of the sun
0	bbcr1 scott_mills please some classic nikki_grahame1 big brother tantrums for the bamboleo gap! please make my wednesday!
0	rarushopping the expected arrival date for iron maiden's album the book of souls is 11 sep. if i preorder will i get it on fri or after?
0	michael jordan finished 6-0 in the nba finals. floyd mayweather looks to hit 49-0 saturday, will history be...
0	ready for the 26th! ready to get my life to janet jackson
0	ng eagles unity thrills oliseh: super eagles coach sunday oliseh has expressed delight at the unity in the su...
0	stephen hawking said "this girl may like to know that in another possible universe, she and zayn are happily married."
0	i can't wait for ed sheeran tonight omg like i knew about him before he was famous and went to his free concert when i was in 9th grade
0	i dunno if i'm more pumped up for football season or just to watch tom brady curb stomp the steelers tomorrow like he curb stomped goodell
0	the nigerian army on wednesday released 128 detainees after certifying that they had no link with the boko haram terrorists group in borno.
0	good news for patriots fans: tom brady owns the steelers, his opponent tomorrow night
0	check out my new blog post ...roc'n wednesday! inner peace through dharma yoga with maryam -
0	really feeling littlebigplanet again so i'm gonna rebuy 3 on the ps4 tomorrow now its super cheap and transfer all my stuff from 1 and 2
0	red sox game tonight, steelers game tomorrow then pitt game at akron saturday. safe to say i'm going to be broke but having fun.
0	c'mon man. they can do better than this. give me the foo fighters.
0	don't get me wrong i'm excited to see jason aldean on friday but man do i wish it were kenny again. noshoesnation 2va412
0	"i kind of had a good guy to look up to, he was a 6th rd draft pick &amp; he's the greatest quarterback of all-time," texans hoyer on tom brady
0	i have tickets for jason aldean friday, but do i want pit?
0	yoga and bier this saturday kcbierco with annamarie at 11:00! donation yoga, bring $ for bier. all proceeds go to yogagivesback!...
0	i haven't been to yoga since before i went to europe in july. i'm so excited to take up my practice starting tonight.
0	can it be tomorrow already so i can see ed sheeran.
0	join us tomorrow for national hot dog day at seasons! during the lunch &amp; dinner hours.
0	casper_227 lol i can't wait.. and i'm going to see janet jackson next thursday
0	thinking i'm absolutely hilarious sat here playing the john cena theme tune on a recorder
0	picking up my car today, big brother is on tonight, season premiere of the league, not bad for a wednesday
0	almost friday, which means it's almost jason aldean time! bnoonan23 3years
0	anyone else thinking chris evans is just doing this series of tfi friday before giving it to nick grimshaw?! scarythought
0	the 1975 may as well just call it a david bowie cover
0	i'm sure mrmenofficial are all a bit mr happy tonight seeing chris evans' t shirt tonight on tfi friday. mrhappy
0	nice drive lead by chris evans and 2 pt. conversion good to make it 14-14 7:59 left in 3rd isnation ihsaa1 via mopistatguy
0	alright people, you've been waiting for it. dark souls. 1 death = 1 jalapeno. tomorrow at 11am pst. rip me.
0	grandy showing some real nixe range our there in rf, saving a 2-out double to end the top 5th. 12 straight retired by thor. nymvskc
0	acmi 2nd visit to david bowie is last night and i already feel like i should be going again! absolutely amazing exhibition! thank you! &lt;3
0	away. away. away. syndergaard peppering outside of the plate and then busts pitches inside. thor has found his groove. 5k. top 6th.
0	regardless of what happens- thor's recovery from the 1st and his middle innings here give me hope for the future lgm mets
0	finally home from all this so called shopping in time to see thor finish up the 6th
0	people who know baseball know thor is the player of the game cause after the 2nd inning he started dealing and kept mets alive
0	put it in the books! big games for the captain, thor, and granderson. let's got matz tomorrow! lgm
0	nice win, thor, captain america, and the falcon came up big , let's even this up tomorrow. letsgomets
0	the first one is always the hardest. way to go thor!! looking to tie it up tomorrow night! lgm metstwitter
0	i knew thor would get the job done. matz on tomorrow, offense seems to be waking up, let's go mets!!! lgm
0	here we go boys!!! great job by thor tonight!!!! and the captain!! huge spot for the long island kid matz tomorrow.
0	what's nice about cy pitching tomorrow night, he won't lose focus like ventura did after thor singled. we can't go to a game 7 with yv
0	i want to dress up as thor tomorrow and wear a syndergaard jersey.
0	i like how thor is bragging about making esky uncomfortable as if he didn't give up 6 hits and 3 runs in 1st 2 innings.
0	thor is a throw back kind of pitcher. i love it!!!!
0	i'm loving all these quotes from the cry baby royals about thor's 1st pitch to escobar. if i'm matz, i'm doing the same thing saturday.
0	noahsyndergaard great game &amp; way to make a statement on the 1st pitch. very bob gibson of u. beware of thor the hammer will come! lgm
0	mystery_butt i hope you're ready for march 24 because that's when i transmute into dark souls danielle
0	willingblam today's my 21st birthday and it would be awesome if i could get a birthday reply from thor!
0	chase fourcade with the 8 yard td run to give archrummel a 7-0 lead over curtis with 5 seconds left in 1st quarter.
0	congrats to prx for capping the 1st settlement on harvest! eu settlements went to futilez, kittens, dark souls and frozen. dastal
0	drink a tank 7 every time they say "thor" on the fox broadcast and see if you can make it 'til the 5th inning. boulevardbeer
0	does it burn right now? yeah. harvey tomorrow, degrom game 6 and thor in game 7 with everyone available. gottabelieve lgm goodnight
0	blazin100tweets coming up, song requests for the vamps, sam concepcion, darren, jk, jason and lyca, it's a monday and the votes are tight!
0	the vamps ticket selling on november 7 and im gonna camp out for tickets rip me i really hope i get the ticket with m&amp;g
0	so shaunwkeaveny is back bbc6breakfast and on great form with some much needed george harrison for a monday morning. coolestbeatle
0	officially starting dark souls 2 monday evening. gta v was way too fun to stop! thanks for coming to the stream! see you tomorrow!
0	the vamps are coming to belgium again april 20th next year! they haven't announced it (yet) themselves but it's definitely confirmed!
0	apparently, today is george harrison's actual birthday. he was born just before midnight, but thought the 25th was his b-day all his life.
0	cinemablogrpher have you seen thefilmtruth outstanding performances. cate blanchett may win aa for her very strong performance.
0	happy monday everyone. i hope the week is off to a good start across the board. here's a thor sketch by mike. art
0	gotta say seannmileymoore did wow me saturday with david bowie very theatrical he let the song speak for itself i am now a fan of his :d
0	thetidedrew see you in april with the vamps dude!!!!!!
0	thanks for an amazing season, thor! have a happy (&amp; healthy) winter, and we'll see you in february! lgm
0	today while i was signing thor's 2nd surgery contract, the tv was playing supernatural's fan fiction episode. i had to stop signing just to
0	morning everyone!! starting off our tuesday we have.. bee gees with i don't wanna be the one
0	godingreen thor just layed on the couch even he heard him. he sat up and juat ate by himself.. on the balcony..right around him no rain
0	come visit curtis and the girls on this beautiful tuesday!! grab a patio seat for one of the last times or sit...
0	can't wait for this. curtis, keep doing your thing. hope you get to tour over here in the uk. productofmydna
0	tuesday is the best day of the week. briana's deli san pedro belize pigtailtuesdays briana's deli
0	curtismufc10 well curtis... you also need a night out in thompsons .... need a sunday night session again soon bro!!!!!
0	jack_septic_eye do think you'll make a video on dark souls 3 when it comes out? "praise the sun"
0	thetwomikes and also very importantly it was 40 years ago today that david bowie had his 1st no1 with space oddity! 40spaceoddity
0	thor the dog loves tuesday night d&amp;d.
0	msimonespn greg_prince jasoncfry love that camera close up of thor. can't wait for the first pitch tomorrow night
0	thor's going to make herrera pay tomorrow night. mets have the enforcer on the mound
0	game over with a final score of 1-0! go bears! we continue to thursday against todd beamer at curtis high school...
0	thor may be 'sexy and he knows it' but i'm to sexy for my shirt.
0	saw trainwreck for the 2nd time &amp; again found it &amp; amy schumer brilliant as was the screenplay she wrote. mel brooks agreed.100%
0	selena gomez presented amy schumer with an award and a heap of praise at the hollywood film awards on november 1.
0	tomatobisquette curtis, we be happy to assist with any concerns you may have. simply post details at
0	there is not need to wine about it:) briana's wine pick for this week will make your wine wednesday the best one...
0	briana made a playlist of songs that remind her of me and the 3rd one to come on was all i want for christmas by mariah carey:')
0	labradorarchie olive_blacklab wmfiredogs oh yeah sorry chris evans said it was friday idiot ok happy thursday xxx
0	the vamps tour with hometown as support goes on sale this saturday at 10am!
0	so this happened tuesday night: sharif (or is it david bowie?) earned his first bike! earnabike
0	jennmatthews57 feel so much better knowing thor will be in the house sunday.
0	starting off our thursday we have for our pleasure.... bee gees with i can't see nobody
0	do i want to go and see james bay march 29th and then the vamps april 1st? well, yeah actually..
0	outrageously funny: amy schumer plays mohegan sun tonight via thedayct
0	wxpndanreed people forget how good the bee gees were before saturday night fever
0	so, tomorrow will be time for streams. dark souls in the afternoon, very likely fallout in the evening. gotta finish that pesky game. x)
0	bingo with curtis! tonight at 7pm on the 1st floor in the community room.
0	chris evans is like the sun. he's warm and he glows.
0	the 4th bestselling track of 1983 [of the day]: david bowie - "let's dance" serious moonlight ftw
0	celebrate the life and music of george harrison with a free special streaming event on 25th february.
0	i liked a youtube video sibling-wed game with scott and chris evans, part 2
0	curtis on the phone playing all these old songs talking bout throw back thursday
0	richarrowsmith chris &amp; johnny from coldplay were just on chris evans r2 show to play new single &amp; new album out 4th dec + on tfi tonight
0	happy friday everyone...starting off we have... bee gees with country woman
0	you win again - the story of the bee gees thu 19 nov | 8pm the story of the bee gees! this incredible musical...
0	betty_days sorry to hear that! if things change before feb, lemme know! i'll buy you a coffee and squee about kim and briana at you. *lol*
0	superbromovies ageofmyself the 1st one is ok, rise of the silver surfer was terrible, but chris evans was hilarious &amp; great in both.
0	chris evans's son noah asks coldplay's chris martin a question on tfi friday and it's the cutest thing ever
0	shawnonthenba we did. he says it should be corrected tomorrow. thor is available on twitter thoreosnmilk
0	awesome amounts of support with our special bonus cast with chelle157 and thegamep1t . go show them some love. back tuesday for dark souls
0	good morning :) george harrison - here comes the sun via youtube
0	"odin, far-wanderer, grant me wisdom, courage, and victory. friend thor, grant me strength, and may both be with me."
0	lots of studying to do tomorrow so goodnight i love all you kiddos &amp; my sunshines hayley atwell, chris evans &amp; seb stan x
0	oh and did i mention how i'm meeting chris evans in january?! so much to look forward to the next couple of months &lt;3
0	myyouthin5words david bowie, queen, doctor who... (classic dw with tom baker 4th doctor)...
0	karaoke invitation for 9, but knowing these guys, it'll be 11.i work tomorrow, so the world is saved from hearing me ruin david bowie songs.
0	thor is ready to fight at the stadium arena, sweden, nov 28th this 'battle of the norse giants' sees the 'game...
0	it's saturday night &amp; retrogaijin is playing dark souls! he has a face only you could love
0	tie between "september" by earth, wind, &amp; fire and "how deep is your love" by the bee gees
0	my movie iamthormovie is going on tour starting this tuesday. screening followed by a thor performance.
0	littlebaldie_ thursday is thor's day, if you wanna get picky about it you're gonna need to rename the days of the week too
0	i think i may have just fell in love with amyschumer after watching "amy schumer: live...extended cut" on hbonow.
0	sophierose1993 hey soph, the vamps are playing over gentingarena, that's why you may have not have seen the vista room option, ha!
0	never been more proud of my non gaming girlfriend than when she beat the asylum demon on dark souls on her 2nd attempt!
0	spirit week at my school... star wars day is on wednesday and i'm in charge of bringing a game... hope these scrubs like battlefront 2! &gt;:3
0	who went to the first amy schumer show on saturday? anyone who would be willing to talk to me about it?
0	nayrelyk7 starbucks funny how you call it "thursday" and don't believe thor was real.
0	i wish the universe could see a david bowie film/musical scripted by frankcottrell_b and directed by danny boyle.
0	thor_of_asgard1 "i'll tryeth to thor, but at this rate we may as well goeth to a restaurant." he looks at the time and smiles "we're +
0	nfinitefreetime can you beat dark souls 2 before tomorrow? maybe play both, as adventures in the apocalypse will seem nice in comparison.
0	briana should give birth on friday it would be good for album promo
0	thanks everyone who came and hung out through the challenge! tomorrow i'm starting my first full playthrough of dark souls!
0	and the 17th is star wars day :d
0	"i'll give you a hint, you wanna play it but you think it'll be too hard." "oh oh oh praise the sun." "yes, dark souls."
0	i liked a youtube video here comes the sun lesson - beatles, george harrison
0	if you're truly my friend you'll play david bowie's greatest hits when i'm about to have my 1st kid
0	ooooo i almost forgot star wars day is tomorrow
0	saturday night fever - john travolta - bee gees me at the mall...
0	chris evans genre radio show 07.11.2015 gothic music and other genres share if you like goth alternativemusic
0	fell in love with chris evans, wanna download all of his movies tomorrow.
0	todd haynes excels again with the exquisite carol from dec 4, starring cate blanchett
0	selena gomez, amy schumer get cuddly on the red carpet: see the cuteness here!: videos may
0	i am lmbo at curtis "you're married, he's straight" oh my goodness, that is good tv echok arrowwriters priceless
0	we get to keep curtis, right? he's going to be a regular? he's going to be in the arrow cave soon?
0	so....... i may be obsessed with thor now .... and sorta loki.... especially of the slash pair known as thorki chrishemsworth twhiddleston
0	beat demon souls. if there is a black friday sale i will pick up dark souls 2, otherwise might just get dark souls 1
0	41 amy schumer quotes to get you through wednesday (she's pretty badass)
0	pretty sure of the 1st like 25 marvel characters, 2 had capes. dr. strange and thor. and by the way a cape totally works on dr. strange.
0	what a feeling reminds me of bee gees song in saturday night fever movie soundtrack you can check it outttt it has some vibe of it
0	i will record tomorrow and maybe even continue the dark souls playthrough. - best regards, the youtuber with no followers there nor here.
0	it's great that george harrison makes the list with something, though i love here comes the sun natfavebeatles
0	_mistermet curtis is going down as the 2nd best mets fa signing(beltran 1)
0	tomorrow is thor's day. he's allowed on the team because his hammer is powered by lightning. no hammers on the team without electricity!
0	may you all have a great thor's day! asatru awakenthenorth vikingclan
0	brianabowers why hello and happy thursday to you briana, it's been a while, i love your new profile picture btw, gorgeous
0	delighted with this piece we secured for hawes and curtis...
0	brianawrites happy thursday, briana. i hope you have a good one. :)
0	atlantafilming if you have any more info as to the location i would deeply appreciate it sir thank you kindly re: chris evans on mon
0	terry wogan has pulled out of presenting children in need tomorrow, chris evans is on the blower already
0	as long as it's not chris evans standing in!!!!
0	it's star wars day at school tomorrow. i think my r2d2 is ready!
0	h0tlikepayne it's also reminds me of bee gees song for saturday night fever soundtrack.. 70s vibe
0	harry during louis &amp; briana's wedding if tomorrow you won't be mine, won't you give it to me one last time oh, baby let me love you goodbye
0	vgunvalson focus on briana and michael and your family - just look at those gorgeous grand babies! they think u r the sun! be happy vicki.
0	listening to david bowie's fashion to get in the mood for tpoyes can't wait for sat night
0	taxbod for when your working day eventually ends .... david bowie 'speed of life' (off 'low'). happy-friday
0	yakldakl yes, i understand. if you put 50 shares in your ira you may find yourself very glad you did. even 25 shares. imo
0	curtisisbooger mishacollins robertberens i so agree! you did awesome, curtis :) i may hate metatron, but i don't hate you. you rock!
0	curtisschurer thanks curtis! hope you have an awesome friday the 13th!
0	whoa. dana white just said that if ronda rousey wins tomorrow, cyborg is next. superfight may be just a few months away
0	this is from january after the charlie hebdo attacks... a beautiful moment of unity in the midst of tragedy. paris
0	samaelgore that's alright. keep fighting the good fight &amp; as with charlie hebdo, long may the real france endure. a great people.
0	i remember charlie hebdo, the world stood still in a million man march for them. even the nigerian space too joined and forgot our own ills
0	this got several lols and if mum's allergy test goes well tomorrow i may play it to thor when i bring him home!...
0	briana roberts placed 9th in the state to qualify for meet of champions! congratulations briana! codered phsproud
0	do you feel at home when you're at curtis? we want to make others feel just as welcome. come early on sunday to greet our guests!
0	favorite this if you want super chefs curtis and mcdaid to make you breakfast in bed tomorrow we watchedtoomuch foodnetwork
0	george harrison - here comes the sun [live acoustic] nowplaying listenlive
0	in 4 therealjimlewis on whms975 80's saturday night. there will be david bowie, motley crue &amp; christopher cross so it's obviously awesome.
0	re-reading m palin's 1st diary. some of the most influential comedy of all time being created while ira bombs are going off almost monthly.
0	before we go (blu-ray) brand new just released 2015 chris evans: $1.25 (2 bids)end date: saturday nov-14-2015...
0	curtis' morgan weaver with a great look, but deflected by keeper, rolls just left of the goal post in 6th minute.
0	tristan is a cool dewd. my birthday was monday and he followed me today. what a man. mtvstars the vamps
0	we're still on the 16th spot. we can do this! mtvstars the vamps
0	chris evans may be captain america in the avengers, but my little bro is my captain america
0	chris evans looks smoking hot on the cover of elle men thailand june issue
0	omg briana is amazing she is my new remodel!!! spnfamiily pascon saturday
0	aye we're on the 15th spot! keep on voting vamily! mtvstars the vamps
0	sunday morning at the first church of george harrison, aka listening to all things must pass. (the best sunday morning album ever?)
0	pstni some may believe in thor or nothing at all, but i believe in the risen savior jesus christ.
0	tcnj saw off st. lawrence yesterday in their 1st round match 4-1, with two goals from scognamiglio and a goal each from curtis and cummings
0	happy sunday..... bee gees with walking on air
0	cate blanchett and rooney mara star in carol from 27 november. save the date!
0	bunnyhunter_ bahaha! love that idea. you could have a tornado and sun in the tree and curtis' face be the star at the top:)
0	pieromancer dark souls games look fun, i may have to try them out at some point. it's fun watching you play them.
0	briana's 20th bday bash in january , just wait on it.
0	cate blanchett proved that you don't have to wear a gown to look elegant on the red carpet
0	happy monday! hoping to help shake off the mondays blues with the sexy chris evans. mancrushmonday
0	from elvis costello's memoirs to chris evans's mastery of his craft, here's davidhepworth on the week's best radio
0	watching again saturday night the beautiful snowpiercer i thought that i never saw chris evans so hot like in that movie or in sunshine.
0	monday mornings with cate blanchett sure don't suck. jw marriott essex house new york
0	who was the best 'saturday night live' host? amy schumer. 50% of voters agree with me.
0	i watched the big bang theory on thursday when i was at home but i cannot get footprints on the moon's thor &amp; dr jones out my head!
0	&lt;desiree&gt; the royalton riviera cancun is very kid-friendly! curtis just found out that he may not get to go on...
0	5th grade ira projects on display during the first night of p/t conferences! greatwork
0	sorry everyone, but it's not every night that you have cate blanchett over for dinner...
0	so excited for new thor on wednesday. i just finished jasonaaron's last run and it's been so wonderful.
0	some solid thinking on the events in paris, refracted through the charlie hebdo lens:
0	on friday night i wondered what the charlie hebdo response would be. it doesn't disappoint.
0	no matter rain or shine our warehouse manager, curtis, is always willing to unload donations. today it was sun...
0	tomorrow's charlie hebdo: "they have weapons. screw them, we have champagne!" the spirit of the french is strong.
0	wrapping up our tuesday we have a robin lead.... bee gees with saved by the bell
0	then the bee gees came on...and i had to tuesday tuesdaytestimony
0	filming update: it is not the next captain america that's filming tomorrow but is it a movie with chris evans! i so still a yay!
0	aj already seems to be cracking and all he did was go with my dad to pick them up from the airport ; briana and i may win this bet lol
0	tomorrow i may be 100% geek and do a star wars day (skip 1 &amp;2 obvs)
0	think the ayto gang is gonna pull it off tomorrow? i'm with briana. best timehop ever.
0	don't forget star wars day! if you want to buy a star wars shirt, you can get one from mrs. boody tomorrow in room 110
0	amy schumer and jerry seinfeld headline a show in support of the 15th anniversary of baby buggy via wsj
0	briana is the most prettiest girl i have ever known since i was in 7th grade
0	inmetswetrust 5th ace? sure, why not? balder is the brother of thor in norse mythology. seems a reasonable moniker for a red hot baller.
0	liestoimpresspeople i was in the 2nd to last row in the stadium concert &amp; david bowie talked directly to me. actually, he did. impressed?
0	cate blanchett: love scene with rooney mara in carol is 'very erotic, tender and beautiful' 17 november 2015 by:...
0	depp joins cate blanchett &amp; saoirse ronan as an honoree at the 27th annual palm springs international film festival
0	everybody's talking about adele... guys! new david bowie tomorrow!
0	i wanna dress up as david bowie for decades day tomorrow but alas i have no money and no time for it
0	60 rts &amp; i'll come to school dressed as thor on april 30th, which is a thorsday &amp; the day before the avengers comes out.
0	thor is still a great movie after the 3rd time.
0	northernlionlp would you consider doing some dark souls 2 content in preparation for dark souls 3 in april? dlc is great.
0	rohinisgh_et economictimes wish all the best n rahul gandhi may try good luck for up cm with sure success
0	ok imma sleep, goodnight have a good thursday, if you can, i hate thursdays but thursday used to be thor's day so that's cool almost friday
0	oh yes! we now have a pre-order up for the forthcoming david bowie 'blackstar' lp out 8th jan
0	hail thor! hail son of odin and the earth! hail the thunderer! may he protect us guard us! hail thor! asatru
0	news : new video by david bowie tomorrow on tv: a few weeks ago when we wrote the news, a lot of fans we...
0	cheesusslice princehak33m yeah, well i had thor's hammer and helmet in the 5th grade. and storm's cape. i still haven't grown up. lol
0	cate blanchett sighting: new york, new york/ 8th annual museum of modern art film benefit, honoring the actress
0	sun like this, after dark days, doesn't happen without a song in my head. thank you, george harrison.
0	photistry hey curtis! we're hosting a chat tomorrow at 2pm around bc skiing. would love if you could join in:
0	david bowie's 'blackstar' video strange, dark, and beautiful. i think i love it. new album arrives in january.
0	today, we finally beat dark souls!!! long stream tomorrow, starwarsbattlefront quiplash worldofwarcraft are on the line up for tomorrow:)
0	nug33ent roccyaworld he told us the summer before 9th grade. nice try though curtis
0	davidbowie_top news_in_summary ty 4 the follow! much love &amp; respect 2 a hero of mine - david bowie always! have a fantaztik friday! :)*
0	new david bowie tune to start friday and its ten minutes long, good work david. a tour announcement now would make today perfect blackstar
0	fun media fact: on this day in 1976 george harrison appeared on saturday night live
0	9_volt88 they need to move back to king's field already. good baby step. just dark souls in 1st person with tweaks.
0	david bowie just shared the first song/video from his upcoming january release. we are left intrigued and...
0	david bowie's new song blackstar is fucking brilliant. he is ceaselessly exceptional and innovative. excited for the album january 8th!
0	kevinkimmich tin, one of the 7 metals known to the ancients was associated with jupiter/zeus. thursday = thor's day (jueves) is the tin day
0	this one will be the best yet! mtvstars the vamps
0	cate blanchett to tinabrownlm at witw: woody allen may not know what to do with your questions, but if you're sincere he might answer them
0	was reading dark souls 3 may be last souls game. that'd be good. keep it special, you know?
0	jessicajones brilliant show, just watched 1st episode, can't believe its still the same universe as thor, guardians of the galaxy &amp; ironman
0	cynsykes and i just watched thor for like the 20th time last night
0	great stand by the wolves on 3rd and long. curtis will lineup to punt
0	this is a big deal! everyone make sure to shazam when you hear it! mtvstars the vamps
0	david bowie: "blackstar": there is a star in our universe called kic 8462852 that may or may not be the hub of...
0	curtis' akakeya and sea's guidicipietro are the top contenders for saturday's cross country state champs
0	can it just be wednesday so i can see briana already
0	yes i am spending my friday night listening to the bee gees on loop. don't hate.
0	friday night relaxin: watch the new david bowie video blackstar. davidbowie spacemusic blackstar
0	david bowie on friday took another dive into the space theme that has run through his career releasing "blackstar".
0	ok i am chris evans but not that one so need to win as not got his cash , make me smile!
0	let this poor chris evans beat the real chris evans for once, would treat family to a holiday :-)
0	aww chris evans again not him meee im chris, so want to treat my family ;-)
0	official_ncfc looking better already now curtis is sat on the bench
0	coming december 11th &amp; december 12th live on party103! we celebrate the epic 100th episode of curtis &amp; craigs...
0	finally sat and watched it. david bowie's blackstar is perfect. more of this, less of everything else.
0	posting another song for our saturday as i feel like it.... bee gees with night fever
0	watching amy schumer for the 1st time...so funny! i must have been living under a rock or something
0	curtis very happy with liverpool destroying man city! hopefully tottenham will do the same to the hammers tomorrow!!!
0	the reason tfi isn't as good now is cos the 1st time around chris evans was on the verge of a breakdown and it was incredible watching him
0	yo! watching tfi friday brings back good memories shout out to chris evans it's a party i wanna be at oldskool
0	wpghocktalk true, but i thought the 5 on 5 play was pretty even though well into the 3rd. you didn't? that mighty thor goal huge.
0	the chicagowolves get right back to it tomorrow afternoon, hosting iowa on star wars day! details:
0	oficeandblood owen grinned, this may be a little easier. "i've heard a lot about you from thor and chris. it's lovely to meet you!"
0	i love the bee gees version but i may love this one a little more.
0	dreamed i met david bowie at a coffee shop. got to talking about music and he sat down with me for hours. hope it was prophetic.
0	cate blanchett is excellent in the movie 'carol'. great nytimes piece in sunday styles. she pulls it off perfectly.
0	23 november 1970. george harrison released "my sweet lord" in the us. it would become the first single by a former beatle to reach no.1
0	thor and april love the laundry basket. catsofinstagram
0	blue monday! thor has your back!we love you joan!
0	simranparora saturday night live with bee gees or take that?
0	thor has always been a great seller for us! but it is the 4th thor 1 in the last couple of years, right? (including thors)
0	leahncurtis you live dangerously curtis! (say i, fro the hotel bar, with tech tomorrow)
0	tomorrow we play the new david bowie song to start the program at 3pm on your tuesday afternoon alternative - join us for ytaa on wudr
0	chris evans is just absolutely gorgeous! what is your favourite chris evans film? beforewegosa 27 november
0	dark souls was a ton of fun tonight. i'm going to continue again on wednesday.
0	rdj &amp; chris evans will be on kimmel tonight! abc is a disney owned company &amp; they love to drop trailers on a tuesday! marvel civilwar
0	it's may sound an odd choice, but if i could bring back one musician for one concert, it would be george harrison.
0	we may not have the civil trailer but we're gonna get rdj and chris evans on jimmy kimmel. and this is pure happiness.
0	okay so chris evans and rdj will be on jimmy kimmel tonight and if tomorrow i wake up to a civil war teaser i will lose all my chill
0	saturday night fever - more than a woman (bee gees) via youtube travolta, just travolta! wow!
0	i can't wait for the diamond is unbreakable anime in april, looking forward to seeing "anime david bowie" get a raging hard on for hands
0	i know you miss me all, but don't fret, i will be back! thursday 10am cet we will take on dark souls once more! looking forward to it :d
0	on the menu, briana's 1st-prize venison chili: i made this my first time participating in a chili c... good food
0	chris evans, robert downey jr, krysten ritter and fob are all on jimmy kimmel tonight omg i think i may cry
0	if you like listening to chris evans on your way to work - tune in tomorrow to hear ben hooper who is on the...
0	the hobbit trilogy may have been flawed, but ian mckellan and cate blanchett are friends now, so it was all worth it.
0	i found out david bowie is coming out with a new album this january. let's see if i'm gonna be the only young person who cares again.
0	just beat dark souls for the very first time! thanks to everyone who showed up and hung out along the way. starting on saturday: bows only!
0	i got really excited for the cosplay cover of thor tomorrow and then i remembered that kevin is on issue 2 :/
0	linda_x_senpai if you are enjoying bloodborne you may enjoy dark souls too if you didn't already played it
0	hhyaykaty like chris evans is so hot like dude you're hotter than the sun.
0	juugmancape hi may name is briana nice to meet you sir! im new and town just wanna meet some people
0	we're looking forward to hearing the result together - 12.30pm friday at thor's tipi on parliament st - find out with us!
0	u gotta love the rahul gandhi afternoons. so much fun. wonder why they don't make him speak on monday...will help getting over monday blues
0	they may laugh at rahul gandhi, but the laughter is starting to sound just a wee bit artificial, slowly and surely he is coming back.
0	wow kudos 2 the students 4 loudyes rahul gandhi may go 4 another "atma chintan" rahulstumped rahulvsmodi
0	goonerblues yehlog bjp may be liking rahul gandhi now. the more rahul speaks the more bjp will gain.
0	may nakita akong 5sos at the vamps shirts! i want i want i want!
0	our thor is ready to meet you at the haloandpartners event, today through friday. 98-124 brewery road london n7 9pg
0	loyalladysif it's queen. nevertheless,thor shook those feelings off as he and sif approached their table and sat down
0	5 takeaways from 'civil war' trailer: robert downey jr. and chris evans stopped by "jimmy kimmel live! on tuesday night to make a "bi...
0	i'm so excited about the vamps new album on friday
0	pretty_machine thor's back friday for stitches out! what's up with briancat?
0	i'd say for my top 5 it's nu wa, ravana, thor, sun wukong and serqet
0	it's ok. steve won't die in civil war bc chris evans has a 6 film contract and this will be the 5th film it's ok x
0	jaimewarner come to the salon. i work 12-4 on friday bc of the holiday. curtis said i can cut yr hair there!
0	justanironman it's not just a helmet to me. [he sighs, muttering under his breath before answering him.] as for thor, he's back tomorrow.
0	im so excited for civil war in may i just want chris evans in my life 24/7
0	whoever the u hires as hc, curtis at least deserves a coordinator look. recruited sofla well when he was there.
0	well guys do you know what day is today? its thursday!! happy thor's day to everybody!
0	so i checked this out on the google, today is... 'thor's day!' how much better is that than thursday?
0	thursday's lightning deal! praise the sun and grab 70% off our dark souls range today at
0	love david bowie. "check ignition and may god's love be with you." heck yeh.
0	curtisisbooger aww happy birthday, curtis! are you coming to the bsi weekend in january? xx
0	those of you who hang on my every word with regards musical recommendations may be interested to know that i like the new david bowie track.
0	the vamps will be at the xtrafactor (itv2) at 9pm tomorrow! make sure you tune in!
0	love a good bit of 'tony blair shame on you' on a saturday. dontbombsyria
0	wishing everyone a happy saturday. our song for today is.... bee gees with i could not love you more
0	working on my "thor" drawing 'cause i'm going to see chrishemsworth this thursday!
0	the 2nd headline was a story about the guy who plays thor using his 1st big payday to pay off his parents' debt. *that* deserves top honors.
0	we just sold our 1st copy of the limited edition rise of david bowie. now there are only 1,971 copies left:
0	from my 2nd family, katherine m., a student in nyc, got an internship with amy schumer...now that's cool.
0	seeing the positive comments about bloodborne's dlc has me even more excited for my dark souls series playthrough in january.
0	hm. maybe to make up for such a short stream today i'll stream through all of dark souls on monday..
0	top aquinas football teams of decade chris evans reveals the top gear return date top cyber monday deals on e
0	morning sunday lovers. in the words of david bowie - i'm happy, hope you're happy too :) x
0	isn't it a pity" di george harrison my sweet quiet george the only one. you are in my sunset sunrise sun sky. love.
0	remembering 14 years death of george harrison,one of the best guitarist ever ( 25 february 1943 - 29 november 2001)
0	remembering george harrison on the 14th anniversary of his death. rip and love always. georgeharrison takentoosoon georgeharrison
0	when is top gear back on the bbc? new presenter chris evans reveals date of show's return: bbc radio 2 and tfi friday host discloses ...
0	tomorrow night it's the bee gees at cabaretsupperclub gonna be a brilliant night!
0	foo fighters and the vamps on the same list?!! thats why i love new music friday playlist on spotify thevampsbrad
0	the great artist george harrison (1943-november 29, 2001). never played showy but always in service of the song.
0	carol is the most stunning film (and cate blanchett should win everything) - 5 stars from kermodemovie says is all:
0	how fucking awesome are the french??? defiant after charlie hebdo. resilient after parisattacks . now, creative for climate change march &lt;3
0	listen to david bowie! hes my savior. like honestly he will change ur life 4ever. i listened 2 him 1st in 2nd grade, &amp; ive nvr been the same
0	bee gees with fanny (be tender with my love) for our sunday listening pleasure.
0	bbc's new&amp;nbsp;top gear&amp;nbsp;with chris evans debuts may 8 - gear (yes, the bbc versio...
0	george harrison (25 february 1943 - 29 november 2001). we miss you. we love you. krishna bless you, my love. :(
0	i am tweeting this video i found as a tribute to george harrison because today is the 14th anniversary of his death:
0	congratulations to curtis--shooting on the range on black friday entered him to win the sd9ve, smith &amp; wesson!...
0	december=surviving the end of the semester, seeing humans i like, drafting a script &amp; getting over my fear of my david bowie.
0	awesome sc rejects rahul gandhi citizenship row.. now swamy will suspect on modi.. may even say he is congi agent to pass gst ;)
0	chris evans takes the steering wheel when top gear races back to bbc two in may:
0	life groups tonight in host homes, 6:30-8:30. 7-8th gaston's, 9-10th curtis' and 11-12th gavan's house. see you there! :)
0	check out our super paint party on tfi friday with ronniewood &amp; presenter chris evans! tfifriday
0	my life: i'm going out to lunch with captain america* on saturday. (not chris evans. :p cosplayers make life so much more fun.)
0	just another reason to love amy schumer and here's a piece on the calendar..
0	i have meet-cute dreams a lot. meet chris evans, figure out how to date, wake up. they're all like the first 1/3rd of a contemp romance.
0	: kendrick lamar - black friday (audio) via worldstar best rapper in the game
0	top gear returns on 8th may! yes it's chris evans and there will be 16 episodes. clarkson's amazon effort will be great as well.
0	gh that was donnell turner's 1st scene as curtis, hope he stays in the show for awhile, maybe he can be jordan ashford's new love interest
0	you may love george harrison already, but wait till you see him lead...
0	tveitlight25 alupi15 may the 4th is star wars day too! ;)
0	hi y'all i'm selling three tickets at face value ($80) for amy schumer on friday in mke, let me know if you want them!
0	kendrick lamar has surprised us with an extraordinary freestyle on black friday. he got this inspiration from the legendary j.cole
0	wednesday i will make sure to be fully awake for dark souls and will likely got for a couple of hours instead of my normal 2
0	kendrick lamar is king right now of the rap game. black friday stamped it.
0	i'm supposed to be doing a talk in my teachers office tomorrow about moon landing and i think i'll talk about david bowie songs instead
0	even david bowie is getting in on it: check out the persian sound in the 2nd half :) unitedcoloursofcroydon
0	j.cole and kendrick lamar's collaboration album drops february 16th. will it be the best album of the decade?
0	kendrick lamar - a tale of 2 cities [black friday] this is so good, i feel like smashing my head into the wall.
0	did you know that 'amy schumer' was trending topic on monday 30 for 4 hours in united states? trndnl
0	after j cole &amp; kendrick lamar dropped their black friday gifts and i wasn't paying attention... i am going to their concerts idc i'm going
0	the vamps thevampsband performed in the bbc radio 1 live lounge on monday, check out their amazing set here....
0	5.a.m. trolling the dan ryan with a huge stink face! why? black friday = kendrick lamar +j cole now that was an inspirational moment!
0	when you start listening to black friday by kendrick lamar more than tale of 2 cities by j. cole
0	for our wednesday morning we have one from the 60's starting us off.. bee gees with kitty can
0	knowing me knowing yule! alan partridge to co-host tfi friday christmas special with chris evans on channel 4. can't wait to see that! a-ha!
0	any conference where the first speaker is named david bowie can't be a bad one. (no, he's obv not that bowie).
0	i shall remember november 2015- when i was blessed with black friday with j cole and kendrick lamar
0	good driving/singing tunes the bee gees, might have to dust the 'best of' down for some falsetto fun!
0	god took away another angel from us today . i will forever miss and love you curtis . may you forever rest in peace !
0	kendrick lamar killed it with black friday.
0	the vamps sang rest your love, cwd, cheater, sty, last night, i found a girl and wake up at the sun gig tonight!
0	staceysvail yeah but to be fair tony blair wasn't around in the age of twitter, he may still visit the hague hopefully!
0	kendrick lamar....black friday...raw he went in princemzi
0	black friday by kendrick lamar might be the best i've ever heard...
0	"naked hanukkah celebration with amy schumer and you!" will air on iws radio this sunday at 12 noon et! ...
0	i haven't been this excited about snl since james franco, matt damon, and jgl hosted. get chris evans next.
0	iamakademiks did you miss the kendrick lamar and j cole subliminal disses to drake on their black friday jawn? come on, every1 da pissgod
0	great show saturday live from mornington brewery. following cricket show where we chat with matt whelan, curtis...
0	happy thor's day twitter friends ! thursday lol cats funny humour
0	getting slightly better at dark souls, beat 2 bosses tonight! but then the mistakes, oh the mistakes. stay tuned tomorrow for more of it! &lt;3
0	my best friend is meeting the vamps for the first time on saturday i couldn't be happier omg !
0	today is thor's day (thursday) so in honor of thor's day let's get hammered!!! but first let's start with a...
0	i just want it to be saturday so amy schumer can make me laugh and feel good about my life compared to hers.
0	let me just clarify something for the record: the burrito stand at 18th and curtis has the best damn burritos in...
0	steph's huge night, kobe's incredible 4th qtr vs the wizards. plus, dana white joins the desk. listen:
0	i can listen to j. cole's and kendrick lamar's black friday on repeat all day.
0	fightincowboy i hope you plan on doing a dark souls 3 walkthrough when it comes out in march bro! i literally watch every single ds video
0	watching amy schumer: live at the apollo makes me so excited for sunday when kentstateusg brings amyschumer
0	i gotta meet kendrick lamar and j cole february .. that plane ticket worth it and them 125$ is too
0	i miss you like the moon misses the sun at twilight
0	watching 'inside amy schumer' for the 1st time. she's funny, sassy, smart, beautiful...&amp; sleeps with a teddy bear in one sketch. i'm hooked.
0	amy schumer tickets still available for sunday's show at kent state!! go to the website!
0	now i can understand why george harrison wrote 'here comes the sun'. sun after almost a month. bangalore!!!
0	kendrick lamar released black friday approximately 6 days ago i have listened to it precisely 10485839193847 times since then
0	me: * listens to drive-in saturday six times in a row with little to no regret * i am so alive rn bless david bowie
0	campbell_soupss i liked it a lot. held my attention much better than dark souls. i may have to go back to that now.
0	well kid's it's friday. so rejoice. another week is done. the hell with trump i'm voting for amy schumer.. white house bound amyschumer
0	tomorrow morning, while twilight is still dim, look for mars beneath the crescent_moon
0	wondering how to spend this wet and windy friday evening? come and see the magnificent cate blanchett in carol, showing at 7.45.
0	it's time for one last trip to the unforgiving world of dark souls. april 12th.
0	vintage tfi friday channel4 great silliness + lionel ritchie, maltesers, chris evans at his best love it
0	kendrick lamar's "black friday freestyle" is one of the best songs of the week.
0	antanddec your talking kylie im a celeb iv just watched her on tfi friday chris evans channel 4 she's amazing a legandx
0	know a little bit about live tv..chris evans nd tfi friday is an outstanding production.
0	adamatomic the really interesting people are the ones who take their shirts off in the sun because they saw twilight.
0	jack_septic_eye dark souls 3 comes out in march. i know you love it, and you've tried with dark souls 1 &amp; 2 to no avail.
0	thanks everyone for coming out for my extra long dark souls stream, i may have to come back to it later in the event. that was a lot of fun!
0	i get to see amy schumer live tomorrow. i'm literally the luckiest girl on planet earth
0	shout out to kendrick lamar ..for coming threw dat next fire line up ..black friday let em know you wit em flames!!
0	that's a wrap! santa &amp; our ellerslie "reindeer" hope you had a great day! see you wed for barfootthompson twilight
0	ddlovato dear demi i just wanted to send some love to you during this hard time for you may the good lord be with you. love always curtis.
0	chapter two of twilight done, yay :d if i'm really lucky i may get a third done before we hit the road on wednesday. fingers crossed!
0	rahul gandhi at the 31st plenary session of intuc love respect support always. rgwithworkers officeofrg
0	if i had the finances i'd go see kendrick lamar ko houston ka di 20 dec watseba.
0	officialbrianab good morning happy saturday miss briana. hope you are having fun wherever you happen to be. thank you for being you,always.
0	kendrick lamar leased god's body when he was recording black friday.
0	i can't stop listening to black friday by kendrick lamar. everything about that song is so right! turned a j. cole track into one of his own
0	in today's guide i faff around the set of tfi friday, get drunk in its bar, chat with chris evans and accidentally sit on one of little mix
0	y2stump not definite. just that chris evans and downey open to the idea of 4th one.
0	nateedawg have you heard black friday ?? by kendrick lamar an j cole ??? (;
0	i'm on the 5th episode of this season of arrow, curtis is a new favourite character, curtis and felicity are the only ones i really like
0	happy saturday!!!! bee gees with how deep is your love
0	6 minutes from first saturday broadcast of the season. mary jo heath and ira siff ready to go! metopera
0	wow, twilight princess hd is happening on the 4th of march?!
0	strider comes from the norse gods. thor was his friend, so was hermes. he is a sun king of old. manly. handsome.
0	i wanna watch all of the twilight movies tomorrow
0	such a fun party! happy 17th birthday briana! everyone loved doing a paint party at the sleepover and the...
0	"top gear will return to the bbc on sunday 8 may 2016, its new presenter chris evans has said"
0	vampettes we are back on the 21st place keep tweeting with the hashtag mtvstars the vamps mtvstarsof2015
0	when it comes to body empowerment and feeling comfortable in your own skin, amy schumer is the role model we look up to. on thursday
0	got the feeling that if ocarina of time is the 1st star wars trilogy, then wind waker is the prequels and this new one is twilight princess
0	watch our stunning display of lights at twilight christmas. book now for the 11th:
0	can't wait for january 8 so i could lock myself in a dark room&amp;listen to the entirety of blackstar.weird david bowie music is the best music
0	sun 12/06: thor the elf hanging out on our tv this morning. thortheelf2015
0	thank you experience perth for sharing chittering markets - chittering valley twilight markets on saturday 12th...
0	thornyrosey twilight:yes you may *lays down on her couch*
0	a : "cinema may be the thing i like the most after music. i went to see carol the other day, con cate blanchett and rooney mara"
0	not really a kendrick lamar fan but he snaps in that black friday freestyle
0	it's sunday night. everybody's lamenting work. so let's live it up one last time this weekend, with the bee gees!
0	brisracingclub we went to twilight races last friday and it was great, ef markets food stall people would be a gr8 addition.nextime
0	saw carol last friday-beautiful beautiful film filled with incredible acting. love cate blanchett.
0	cate blanchett to receive top honour at the 5th annual aacta awards:
0	in other news, had a great saturday on the town with kyotas_papillon and my old uni friend at a david bowie tribute orchestra :p
0	welp i got 3/5 right for aoty, kendrick deserves it but it may come down to taylor or the weeknd
0	kendrick's lyrics are for the black community.. which is adapted by almost all now
0	kendrick and abel cleaning up grammy nominations, new office with dope views, and new latrell music on the way...big monday
0	super-happy for kendrick today but the reality is he'll lose 90% of those nominations in february and then it's back to hating the grammys.
0	but ya...i'm just waiting for february so that cole and kendrick can drop their collabo album.
0	can't wait for the picture of kendrick holding 11 grammys to surface so i can be like "this is for the people in march calling tpab trash"
0	may the fur-ce be with you via cute overload - cute overload's star wars day is next friday the ...
0	kendrick and cole drop songs for us on black friday! we talk through it on show 53! peep!
0	hey manila, it's before you exit, and we're inviting you, you, you to come see us at the mall of asia with our buddies the vamps on jan 30
0	mj had 12, kendrick with 11 on an album our culture didnt love at 1st, although grammys are hit &amp; miss in hip hop hes influencing people
0	come and see bee gees fever at theatre on the steps, bridgnorth this friday and saturday. tickets nearly gone...don't miss out!!
0	happy to see kendrick lamar nominated for a grammy. he may not win, but good to see the best of us getting recognized
0	i know y'all band wagoning j cole and kendrick if you thought black friday was fire
0	mochinegun i think thor is b-list like kriss said b/c he's probably one of the 1st names you know if you read comics, but otherwise no idea
0	godforshort_ hiftbabg c'mon man don't get me wrong cole had a great album but kendrick gonna take it home
0	beatsmiths! the homie stayproductive just dropped his very 1st drum kit for "freeeeee" (c) kendrick lamar. d/l that
0	yoga and music charity-event in malaysia the 19th of december 2016 &lt;3 amazing to work across borders with ira...
0	ohhh boy. love me some gorillazband new music in 2016 music dispatch: gorillaz may collaborate with david bowie
0	i know yall listened to kendrick x black friday. so tell me with a straight face j cole just as good sameolduece jarrick3real young_twaun
0	some real legendary names on list tomorrow: david bowie, bjork, prince...just putting it together and realised!
0	some monday night inspiration for the weird side in you - david bowie - blackstar via youtube
0	not sure how to feel about kendrick's sons coming up. inspiration is beautiful, but c'mon fammm.
0	fun fact: briana said that since she lives in vancouver, sometimes she just goes to set to visit and therefore may or may not be in the gag
0	revenge of the dreamers 2 comes out this friday. j cole and kendrick collab album comes out in february. truly what a time to be alive
0	kendrick lamar became the 2nd most nominated artist at grammys in a single night(11). the 1st one is michael j.(12)
0	evamariasaralyn bee gees always been a favorite...musical genius! their music soundtrack made the film, saturday night fever. love them!
0	another one in february too?!?! ohhh plz be with kendrick!!!!
0	i know your eyes in the morning sun i feel you touch me in the pouring rain bee gees
0	twilight sail this friday. departing 5.30pm. bring some beers, wine. bubbles and some nibbles if you wish. book early!
0	stop by friendship village tomorrow 4 "star wars day"! i'll be talking about the history of sw &amp; also displaying some of my collection.
0	playing kendrick's black friday in the sauna to sweat more
0	heatherschultz did you ever read the little bit of midnight sun that got leaked online. twilight from edward's perspective, so good!
0	kendrick lamar is now the 2nd most grammy nominated artist in one night with 11 nominations. only one above him is michael jackson with 12.
0	laugh a little: national herald case - sonia gandhi and rahul gandhi may have to aooesr at the courts here is...
0	kendrick's remix of j. cole's 2014 fhd hit goes 1 for the 2nd straight week top tracks:
0	pub trivia and the $100 bar tab who am i question comes along. oi. i get it after the 2nd clue. the answer was kendrick lamar winning
0	kendrick lamar made history as the 2nd most grammy-nominated artist in a single year,trailing just behind michael jackson topimpabutterfly
0	rahul gandhi expresses solidarity with chennai flood victims: congress vice president rahul gandhi on tuesday ...
0	attn athletes: did you just finish your am run? we now offer yoga for athletes every tues at noon with briana! it's the best recovery.
0	tjmshow yes. i wld like to see dolls of the novel fourth sunday - gwen, nat, briana, destiny,camille,allana airby9
0	won tix to the advance screening of carol on thursday. cannot wait! gorgeous-looking lgbt film with the stunningly talent cate blanchett! :d
0	itz_ray_ray hiphopparallel blackb0ifly couldnt have said it better, kendrick is the best, but cole is definetely 2nd and deserves more...
0	the only great dead beatle is george harrison. may he serenade me with a sweet guitar solo as i enter the pearly gates
0	can't wait for february kendrick and cole about to kill it
0	pga awards tv nominations include better call saul, mad men and inside amy schumer: on tuesday, the ... tvupdate
0	as the sun stars to fade, here's "twilight is upon me" by tracy leonard. love this one! art yoda starwars h
0	kendrick leads all with 11 grammy nominations. don't miss out on february 16th!
0	kendrick went wild on black friday i'm still amazed like i have to sit in silence for a minute after i hear it
0	our new woodfire oven ready in the veggie patch sunday roasts, twilight dinners
0	dcgassert curtis you've looked all the way back to june i think you found em all.
0	i just liked this song "and the sun will shine" by bee gees
0	do anybody else agree that cole and kendrick did better on each other song with the black friday
0	tomorrow i shall do some dark souls, bloodborne and miku! and probably stuff in between! &lt;3 see you then!
0	two weeks from now we have our annual twilight farmersmarket theconvent - perfect place for all the fresh chrissy localfood 3-8pm, 23 dec
0	actually may fit-1.leonardo paints1493 milan"old caterina"2overpaints it1503"lisa" 3overpaints with"young caterina"
0	_brap2times february when j coke and kendrick colab come out that thing is just gonna burst into flames
0	this song black friday by kendrick has me so fucking wet he's a god
0	staceyyy_ james bay is on radio 2 with chris evans either this friday or next (i think next)
0	looking stunning at the aactas. see cate blanchett's next great performance in carol. in cinemas january 14.
0	so next wednesday, as well as being star wars day, will also be the day the last episode of peep show airs. what a day it will be.
0	cate blanchett isn't a tall poppy, she's a redwood. long may she continue to grow. aactas
0	star wars day 5/12 ldcatlanta via bravepratl may the force be with you! starwars ldcatlanta
0	patches and bonnets receives its first award in milan by the president of the fair! 5th day at the fair and the...
0	28 january 2016 - workshop in milan - digital transformation the door to success!
0	tony blair was the best prime minister and the best labour leader .god bless him and long may he live.
0	friday, december 18 will also be star wars day on kojoshow's politics hour. guests will be encouraged to join the show in costume.
0	kerry washington, viola davis, amy schumer and jill soloway all make thr power 100 list for 1st time. changingtheworld
0	emma watson, lena dunham, amy schumer, taylor swift, etc may be feminist women i don't agree with - but it doesn't mean they arent feminists
0	if kendrick and cole drop they're album in february watch drake drop his a week after just to kill there buzz. that would smart marketing
0	we get a 2nd christmas in february with kendrick and coles collab album
0	god it even looks like the setting of twilight in the background.
0	jaden smith deems this 2015 romance the best movie ever, excluding twilight: the aspiring spiritual leader may...
0	wow strong 20 hour cast of dark souls. the zwei addiction is real! i'll be back at it tomorrow evening probably after another das dream lol
0	&lt;curtis&gt; as you may have seen in previous posts jen has done an amazing job on the chalkboard. that being said...
0	kendrick lamar getting all 11 grammys on sunday would be the best birthday gift ever.....
0	amy schumer will be here friday &amp; i want to go!
0	frightening tales in the dark dried off in the sun in the style of david bowie. i am now filthy rich.
0	colemanespn i find that kendrick lamar is good to listen to when you're out on a friday night driving for uber. 'sing about me' is a cut!
0	mannn, kendrick may be better than future, but i would rather listen to future am day of the week.
0	adamxbevel boy don't be talking yo shit on kendrick, everyone know that album is the best album of the year, fetty wap is 2nd.
0	the twilight sad the barras with some of the best folk on saturday is gonna be something special
0	thanks mpefm for the post! see you this evening from 6.30 pm in our gallery (piazza xxv aprile 11/b, milan)
0	the concerts are tonight through saturday. go. she is after all the tony blair of music (undefeated).
0	our top picks for this weekend (it's huge) fri | twilight carols &amp; christmas market with peter combe, stepney...
0	i laughed at the end of kendrick's black friday
0	it's star wars day tomorrow at the office. tempted to go to work in a really tight shirt and tell people i'm cosplaying jabba the hutt.
0	dana white says rematch rouseyvsholm is on for ufc200. it will be at the new las vegas arena. i think this could be bigger than may-pac.
0	retirement moves: little-known ira shift may save you money
0	walt1ya crazy that you use kendrick. i'm listening to kendrick lamar &amp; j. cole's "black friday" as i type this tweet.
0	i posted on fb for the first time in years to only post links from the black friday songs from j.cole and kendrick lmao
0	piersmorgan danbranowsky it worked well for the ira too, you would think the english may have learnt something by now
0	lemme see if kendrick lamar can become the 2nd hip hop artist to win album of the year at the grammy awards....
0	busy day in milan tomorrow, four meetings. hopefully no fog...
0	better be with kendrick lamar
0	i could listen to the black friday songs kendrick and cole dropped all day man fr
0	marquis of vaudeville will be performing some of your fav david bowie gems mingled with our own musical mischief!
0	lol cate blanchett may well turn out to be the next meryl streep.
0	i am almost finished with "twilight's tomorrow"! if i break your heart with the ending it means you lived the book. amwriting livethebook
0	nidthedragon 5. i initially grew interest in dark souls because i found out golden sun shared the same composer. :v
0	cate blanchett leads the winners at the 5th annual aacta awards | daily mail online
0	for those that wanna see inside amy schumer's golden globes , it may happen! cantwait
0	cate blanchett in the marvel universe? oh, we would love this.
0	cathegorical i am hoping this spring.....maybe we could go see nj at frontier festival in milan .... april 24. we would rock it. xxx
0	cate blanchett may star in marvel's 'thor: ragnarok': the award-winning actress is reportedly in the middle o...
0	oscar-winner cate blanchett may soon be joining the marvel universe. yes yes i dont care what she will play yes yes
0	jamiemoranuk dark souls 1 is my fav game of all time. played it exclusively from release date for nearly 8 months. became a 2nd home...
0	nu op radio zaanstad bee gees - will you still love me tomorrow 1
0	was listening to kendrick's "black friday" and i'm pretty sure it took my call of duty online to a entirely new level..
0	black friday by j. cole and kendrick is soooo good and the ending of j. coles version had me dead
0	only good thing going right now is my david bowie raccoon hat comes in on saturday
0	aintnowaifu i was obsessed with twilight in 7th grade i loved it so much
0	stefanabramiann j cole and kendrick gonna release that fire in february just make it till then
0	"chuckalabaster: i'm in love j. cole kendrick lamar-black friday it's soo good. tales of two cites with a kendrick twist" firediscopanda9
0	kim kardashian is one stylish mama! the star of e!'s keeping up with the kardashians announced saturday morning that she has given birth
0	the beautiful village where i live is having a christmas market over the weekend.. sat twilight market and sunday...
0	quite a gift with words that andrewsparrow especially in today's live blog feat. former uk pm tony blair:
0	how powerful music is...kendrick released alright and it was used/sang in a march by demonstrators! cassper...
0	kendrick is on top of the game in my opinion. his bars are incomparable to any others right now. black friday is fire
0	good morning internet! happy friday! heres a good song for ya. make sure you love yourself...advice from kendrick.
0	brianawrites happy friday, briana! if i may ask, how does writing a book feel to you? *mini-research going on* :d
0	alexandra de curtis, rome: the satchel - grande &amp; piccola :) brighten up your friday with these beautiful bags!
0	the way j-cole and kendrick are teasing the world for the their collab album, with black friday is just faaaaya!!!
0	kim kardashian and kanye west welcomed their son saturday morning, and the proud parents couldn't be any more thrilled that baby west has
0	kendrick on the 20th, so damn ready
0	sallywally94 kendrick and j.cole album in feb!!!!! i beg it's true! mans bless you? getting waved i need to get off twitter asap
0	yoga for the mind and soul. join us for twilight yoga at 5pm monday evening yourday
0	thank you curtis! because of you, more children in our community have the food they need.
0	the christmas party is one week away :) friday night, december 18, at the curtis home. please bring a festive...
0	susannefraser yes, we celebrate sant'ambrogio in milan :) it's on dec 7th. and you know? sant'ambrogio was from germany ;) kochblogradiode
0	taking my kids to meet father christmas tomorrow. then it's off to milan on sunday to show the italian press our amazing game. magnifico!
0	canna beat the ginger squirrel chris evans and tfi friday
0	going to see amy schumer in nashville tonight. but don't worry i got your epl plays over on rotogrinders
0	hey mtvbananas -i've been an avid challenge fan since wednesday bc of my internet pal barstoolbigcat. is briana the worst at everything?
0	..now disappeared, sun gone for the day. twilight with soft skies to say goodbye to friday. we must all remember we are blessed. godsworld
0	i "alpha'd" molly by holding &amp; lightlly scruffing her to keep her from eating thor's food. since, she has sat quietly beside me. interesting
0	john_nufc42 my italian trip restored my faith in the love and passion of fb.pl like a library. next 2 trips sorted next up milan derby-jan
0	xohaiginna got me dark souls, boys and girls. looks like we have tomorrow's game picked out for the stream. you da best, ginna!
0	final in boys basketball here at lincoln. splitters control the 2nd half and beat milan 74-61. splitterpride
0	why am i just now hearing j cole and kendrick tracks black friday... both of them are fire
0	mlp_flaring heh, that's my line. i'll post some mlp_friendguard here tonight to protect it, then tomorrow we'll let twilight inspect it.
0	dont forget bjj tomorrow night with curtis - last round of promotions coming so train hard :)
0	wendymau6 dorisking4 rumorfix vgunvalson i feel next season may be better for vicki if briana is on rhoc with adorable boys. positive
0	got the greatest head of my life watching twilight and the 2nd greatest head while watching the wood....im grateful for those films
0	jesus. edgar is talking like he's trying to impress his dad (in this case, dana white) after his 6th straight a+ exam. give him the shot.
0	frankie edgar shows chad mendes and dana white that he deserves a title shot:
0	spreading the word about our newest twilight market at the 4th ave street fair!
0	kendrick lamar's black friday verse was lit. too lyrical and poetic, i have it on repeat infact threepeat. jcole was good too though
0	thevampsbandid miaaoktaviaa c'mon guys join the quiz!! get free cool the vamps tees by hey_merch good luck!!
0	as she receives her 9th goldenglobes nomination, read what cate blanchett told us about still getting starstruck:
0	arsenal fc &amp; 4th position in the epl, a better love story than twilight &amp; titanic!
0	i listen to kendrick lamar - black friday bout 50 times a day... he literally went in the whole time
0	josh's t-shirt for star wars day in school on friday.
0	groovygrouville sarkhotel i heard her say so on a radio interview - think it was chris evans breakfast show - friday a week or so back
0	our holiday open house is in full swing!!! please stop by if you can. noon to 3 p.m. at 724 w. 2nd avenue, milan,...
0	when mr. david bowie wrote this song i'll bet he took the rest of the day off. happy saturday world! play nice!...
0	i'm in love with mr. march mtvstars lady gaga
0	the 1st kendrick song i heard &amp; i knew i would love him forever after that
0	saturday night rapidly approaches! chris evans plays guitar on the bar tonight at 8pm, followed by dj law in at 11. come get soical!
0	1st opportunity to earn a rap chelseaboyshoop on the road tonight milan. let's get it done! therealjz
0	i've been listening to j cole's and kendrick's black friday.i mean even if it isn't a collaborative project, let the niggas drop some fire.
0	we've got 3 more days till the end! lets keep our 1st place and win mtvstars lady gaga
0	i'm going to milan tomorrow!!! i'm so happy
0	i think that tomorrow i might buy bandofbrothers dvd boxset in milan..i hope to find it
0	take me down to the river underneath the blood orange sun mtvstars lady gaga
0	we're not so far from lady gaga, c'mon! we can do it! mtvstars one direction
0	we, little monsters, well, we got it! mtvstars lady gaga | selena gomez
0	leader inter moves 4 points clear with 4-0 win at udinese: milan, dec 13: mauro icardi hit... via republicanepal
0	don't forget to catch thor, i mean chris hemsworth on saturday night live tonight!
0	next friday is the hurstbridge village twilight family fun night. come down and enjoy lots of free entertainment...
0	we want gaga in 1st videomtv2015 fifth harmony mtvstars lady gaga
0	i've got aldo winning by tko in the 3rd round but if it goes to the judges mcgregor wins cause you know he's dana white's golden boy ufc194
0	i should probs just kiss him cause we are gonna hang out tomorrow mtvstars lady gaga
0	conor told dana white that he'd knock aldo out in the 1st minute... he did it. wow.
0	if you haven't figured it out, we marathoned twilight last night and we're currently starting the 17th hour of our harry potter marathon.
0	we are no way losing it! c'mon you little monsters ! mtvstars lady gaga
0	kim kardashian and kanye west welcomed a baby boy on saturday, but as of sunday night, the pair hadn't decided on a name for their
0	still i write my songs about the dream of mine.. worth everything i may ever be mtvstars lady gaga
0	kim kardashian and kanye west welcomed their son into the world on saturday, and on monday, they announced he shall henceforth be known as
0	c'mon babes! let's vote on gaga and put her again on 1st. it's missing just 2 days till the end! mtvstars lady gaga
0	celtictv askcairney - jim, if you'd played in milan would we have won our 2nd big cup? all the best, douglas from santiago.
0	i know that we are young and i know that you may love me mtvstars lady gaga
0	milan must win this game. doesn't matter how. they must win it. otherwise, it's back to the pippo days - being 8th in the league.
0	whenicaught saturday night fever, i quit my job, moved to brooklyn, and listened only to the bee gees.
0	that august alsina album is dope. most artists' sophomore album isn't as good as the first (*cough* kendrick *cough*) but this joint fire
0	omffffg i just can't sleep it's just monday and 12.12 am so much time to tweet and retweet mtvstars lady gaga
0	5k votes per minute. we can get the 1st position again c'mon monsters. we can do it. mtvstars lady gaga
0	if you love me, we can marry on the west coast, on a wednesday, en el verano, en agosto mtvstars lady gaga
0	top 5 mc's right now gotta be kendrick, cole, rocky, big sean, and an unfilled 5th spot. knights on the mic.
0	wow, you really know a lot about that movie thor, claire!
0	monday: pj day tuesday: ugly sweater wednesday: snow day thursday: north pole day friday: star wars day!
0	the black friday remixes by kendrick and cole are the exact reason i can't wait for their joint album
0	get exactly what you want... incredible art gallery 15th and curtis! denver disney disneyfineart
0	yodamole is just one idea in this round up post of fun ways to celebrate star wars day on may 4th.
0	this wednesday is the last twilight race for the year at ravenswood and will include a bbq dinner for all riders...
0	in honor of the release of star wars: the force awakes this thursday december 17th is star wars day at nwphs....
0	first day of open hitting is monday! ...check out the new facility and get some swings in from 3-4 the dugout (35595 curtis, eastlake)
0	gon listen to the curtis tape tomorrow, might make it a full g-unit monday matter fact
0	i have twiligh55096984 hearts warming eve gift is done i will give it to twilight on monday
0	are you gonna be voting tomorrow? every answer should be a yes!! mtvstars lady gaga
0	its the right time to vote harder and harder for gaga because tomorrow will be too late mtvstars lady gaga
0	monday and you're all over me now it's friday and you're mia mtvstars lady gaga
0	may our hearts be full like our drinks tonight mtvstars lady gaga
0	how am i barely finding out about these kendrick and j. cole remixes that dropped on black friday?
0	i can feel the sun whenever you're near every time you touch me i just melt away mtvstars lady gaga
0	at you'll see they're also doing a david bowie night at los globos january 23. my band is called gene g. nee. join!
0	don't miss the the vamps at sheffield arena on apr 14-15!
0	and just like that, north west is a big sister! kim kardashian gave birth to her second child with kanye west saturday morning, which
0	swearing_queen i'm too sexy for milan, too sexy,too,sexy i'm singing right said fred to cheer you up this monday
0	rahul gandhi will have to wait until 30th feb to become pm of india in future&amp;only he can do it. officeofrg
0	bloodborne has the greatest gameplay experience out of all the miyazaki games i've played. dark souls is my favorite, with bb ranking 2nd.
0	ladygaga mtvmusicuk mtvstars lady gaga i love you mother monster
0	mtv has hid the results of voting, we have 24 hours more to tweet for gaga '' mtvstars lady gaga '' c'mon monsters!
0	baadshaho to release on 26th jan 17 directed by milan lutharia starring ajaydevgn..rt if you excited
0	now sat in milan. italian efficiency at it best. who even knows where i'll be sent next on my quest for...
0	as powerful as i believe the internet to be, i'm sure i shall find the star trek beyond trailer b4 star wars day this thursday!
0	i'm a hit it up, beat it up, latch on to it until tomorrow mtvstars lady gaga
0	will saint west be kim kardashian &amp; kanye west's last child?! deets here!: say it ain't so! on monday, it was ...
0	tomorrow when i run into you (making love in my sex dreams) mtvstars lady gaga
0	rachael: evening! unleashed is on!! kicking off your monday night with the vamps, beyonce and x factor winner louisa all before 8pm! x
0	if i can get it done by tomorrow night at the end i will have mtvstars lady gaga
0	so i may be a little to old to be playing this kim kardashian game, but it is fun ! kimkardashian
0	uggglyy girlsluvdeonte kendrick did his beat better than he did hahaha coles black friday was weak sauce
0	if i didnt have you i'd never see the sun. mtvstars lady gaga
0	you know kim kardashian may be known for her sex tape but lets admit that woman has done something. and yes she...
0	jwilds41 &amp; what if by g eazy, and black friday by kendrick, and dark time the weeknd
0	lady gaga channels frank sinatra in this pulsating tribute song.: last sunday night, dozens of the world's big...
0	i own the whole twilight saga, and i'll watch the first movie all day long like its my 1st time seeing it. idc.
0	kendrick lamar may just be the greatest rapper of this generation, and maybe many more to come
0	actress and comedian amy schumer shared an intimate portrait on monday that it will not quickly be forgotten.
0	i love that thor's cover was inspired by madvillainy's cover that was inspired by the cover for madonna's 1st lp.
0	tonight, i rewatch twilight for the first time (soberly) in 6 years. this is for legitimate research. you may judge mercilessly and cruelly.
0	funny how when holly holm's manager talks about quick turnaround he gets mocked by dana white. but mcg it's ok? smh
0	for news tomorrow "mother monster is the winner", congratulations little monsters mtvstars lady gaga
0	"ever since i met you in 8th grade i was like 'yo this kid looks like george harrison' and we've been cool since." -ktgirley (3 times)
0	just dance by lady gaga brings the 8th grader in me back to life
0	lady gaga accepted billboard's woman of the year award friday and spoke out during her speech against sexism in the music industry.&amp;nbsp;
0	kendrick is reinventing the rap industry, he may be not winning as much as other rappers, but shit that music is fucking worth it. tpab
0	wow. just wow listen to kendrick lamar - black friday (a tale of 2 citiez remix)
0	20 women elected in saudi arabia as females vote for the first time: in a landmark election on saturday, 20 wo...
0	thorxodinson *laughs and takes it off before resting on top of thor's chest* you'll buy me more dresses tomorrow. *smirks and kisses him-
0	tdim "george fest: a night to celebrate the music of george harrison" coming to cd on february 26 cc fzwaan
0	black friday - jcoleofficial: in case you missed it: black friday gift from kendrick lamar here.
0	could be someone important hello it's my manager (c'est mon directeur) perfect, i told you mtvstars lady gaga
0	he's my sun, he makes me shine mtvstars lady gaga
0	officeofyg like calling rahul gandhi 'yuvraj';may not be to dennistarapore's liking;but i think it makes a point about elitism;ok by me.
0	kazwin1 just listened to black friday, kendrick just dumped a truckload of bars onto that beat, boy went hard!
0	hope everyone enjoyed our open twilight race meet held on saturday. a quick update on the two youngster's that...
0	lemonrolls oh my god. thta's okay tho! milan may nag a lot but he has a big heart and wouldn't leave alejandro with nowhere to go
0	time may allah bless saudi arabia and all muslims in the whole word. and yes we will stop terrorism
0	jenalive11 jenna i'm meeting you with one of my dearest friends in february in milan are you excited to see us :)
0	no matter what monsters! so proud of yous! hopefully we won it for our girl, ladygaga mtvstars lady gaga
0	great news. yesterday women voted for the 1st time in saudi arabia. also 20 of them were elected to local councils.
0	jamie_crathorne good luck then! i'd love to go to london but i'm from spain and it's a wednesday (work), so i hope i get tickets to milan.
0	one screening of carolmovie tonight at 8pm, &amp; last screening tomorrow to see the incredible cate blanchett.
0	classic tuesday with rusty: zelda - twilight princess:
0	love in the dark black friday (kendrick) what's up work church
0	happy tuesday. our countdown to christmas continues today with our 2013 release of david bowie and bing crosby's...
0	going to milan next tuesday i really love it there
0	i really just found out that kim kardashian and kanye had their 2nd baby like 10 days ago. where the hell have i been? lmao
0	glad you all enjoyed your visit! and a big 'neverland' happy birthday to curtis!
0	mad tings this friday!! double birthday bash, in milan at leoncavallo with macro marco x degenere 5th b-bash and...
0	yearsandyearsus last hour of the chris evans show bbc r2 from 8am tuesday if you haven't got it indexed.not so sure about international lnk
0	over 300 views since sunday for our slave train video thank you all for looking please have a peep mr chris evans tfi bestunsignedband
0	is this is the beginning of real change? saudi arabia 1st woman councillor elected! empowerwomen womenissues
0	oops, star wars day is tomorrow north branch, but you can read about it in today's neheadlines
0	a historic milestone... women in saudi arabia vote for the first time in municipal election! dlc_law30
0	sir_aimezing iamrju jus_nasty kendrick had the best album, coles was 2nd
0	almost 3m between bey and us! we have to vote harder to take the 1st place monsters! mtvstarof2015 lady gaga
0	still listenin to kendrick's black friday...idk if a joint project with him is a good idea for anybody lol...on another level...
0	ah, twilight w/ the run to yourself! mt pcski: laying down final tracks of the day. see you tomorrow oneparkcity
0	if anyone wants to buy kendrick lamar tickets for the 19th and 20th of december let me know!!!!!!!!!
0	why do i feel like i'm falling in love with kendrick for a 3rd time? this is weird. the dude just seems so happy and finally at peace.
0	i really want flor and milan to open their presents, i don't want to wait till friday
0	huge project due friday and all i can make myself worry about is whether i'll get 5 stars in this fashion show on kim kardashian hollywood
0	twilight zone tuesday! for real! i just got back from work, which kinda sucked.
0	you can come hang out with us...incredible art gallery 15th and curtis! disney disneyfineart denver
0	sat here at nearly 3am with david bowie on repeat. all i need now is food.
0	if anyone sees cate blanchett today, can you let her know i may be late for our hot starwars date? sydstorm theforceawakens flightdelay
0	amy schumer's honest post may actually inspire you to strip down:
0	it's as if larry nance wields thor's hammer everytime he throws it down like that. valhalla almighty.
0	i ate my placenta like kim kardashian, and you should too: as told to nicole lyn pesce tuesday, december 15, 2...
0	good morning, nerds. for good or bad, for the best or the worst: today is star wars day! may the force be with you.
0	6. in the 7th grade i stole the janitors keys so i can go into the comp lab n print out twilight pictures for my wall
0	beautiful evening last friday for the carols by candlelight and twilight market! lots of kids, lots of sweet...
0	appy wednesday! sleep better with twilight.
0	kim kardashian and kanye west welcome 2nd child: a boy: we think you'll be pleased to know that the new arriva...
0	it's star wars day!!! ok technically it's tomorrow at 00:05, but when i next go to bed, a new star wars movie...
0	star wars day!!! this time tomorrow i'll be waking up having seen it! chewie, we're back!
0	good morning!! today's my 6th day of work in a row and i should be super tired, but no! because it's star wars day!! less than 16 hours!!
0	star wars day here on sat. hoping 2c lots of wookies, droids &amp; ewoks but even those from the dark side r welcome!
0	incredible!! any pupils able 2 bring it 2 our star wars day, sat? not sure even our master model maker could top it!
0	at least 20 women have won seats for the first time in saudi arabia's municipal polls, the elections commission said on monday. "the
0	but tomorrow is my day off so i'll be alright (kendrick voice)
0	women vote in saudi arabia for first time! "saturday's historic elections for municipal councils marked the...
0	i get paid tomorrow. on star wars day! best day ever.
0	tomorrow's going to be a big day, nope. not because its 17. haha enough with that date. its a star wars day!!!!!
0	the results from the gingerbread house are.... 1st: curtis 2nd:rothemere 3rd: squires come see us to claim prizes!
0	if milan beat samp tomorrow, we will face one of fio or carpi. if we can win that we will face the one of spezia or alessandria in semis.
0	* terrymosher1 thor's day is such a good day for bringingthehammerdown! may the farce be with u*u! uua uuism
0	i know who i want this to be but i think it's rihanna or lady gaga
0	tomorrow is star wars day! new movie! and is babi_kremser and vihkadri birthday! great, isn't? bexmader
0	so happy tomorrow is star wars day!!
0	don't forget, we have some spirit days coming up at liberty! tomorrow is star wars day and friday is pj day!
0	xmas come early! i'm getting to watch helium_raven watch twilight for the 1st time. her face is hilarious
0	thor may want to pull back a little on working the calf muscles at the gym but otherwise....come to mama. purr
0	on monday, we went to reginald's tower for a thrilling storytelling session all about thor, loki and norse gods!
0	if you call tomorrow "thursday," you're wrong. if you call tomorrow anything but "star wars day," you're wrong. kindaexcited
0	the sun's glow had given way to a brilliant twilight that paint the great mountains with violet and orange rivers. paintglownye myteksi
0	also great news for charity - taxpayers over 70.5 may make donations directly from an ira &amp; will not be taxed on the amounts up to $100,000
0	you kinda look the same kendrick look a little different lol
0	.kendrick lamar, 9th wonder, joe budden, curren$y, wale, young guru, tech n9ne...all people i've had the pleasure of working with.
0	so excited to see holiday market at twilight on the list! join us tomorrow from 5-7pm!
0	i just want to get drunk tomorrow night and hangout with somebody and also go see kendrick lamar live
0	me with a bow . getting shipped to my boyfriends house in milan , paris strip club then back to his house
0	only 2 more days of spirit week left! tomorrow, in preparation for the new movie, star wars day!
0	ooer. my main squeeze is taking me to the cinema tomorrow to see thor fight the whale.
0	it has to be thor for me marvel love the character, and chris hemsworth plays him well. i feel civalwar may change this tho! marvel2015
0	happy star wars day and may the force be ever in your favour! starwars thehungergames starwars
0	perhaps this may sound weird, but god is really there next to you." george harrison.
0	this is literally the 3rd ticket i've bought to milan, i really just can't lol
0	thebrianahansen briana, ty for the like of my quote. glad you liked it. have an enjoyable thurs out in la.
0	star wars day!!!!!!!!!!!! if it's the 4th best starwars film, i will be ecstatic. if its higher than 4th, i will implode. seriously.
0	cole &amp; kendrick need to make that joint album! fire kendrick lamar &amp; j. cole - black friday
0	though the films may have faults, the soundtracks to the twilight movies are perfect for writing. (especially for gothicists). phdchat
0	kendrick was everything i wanted it to be a new danisnotonfire video on monday!
0	seasons greetings! .. it's is here christmas... we mean... star wars day! may the force be with you!
0	i'm going to thesoulflytribe at fabrique in milan, italy - feb 19
0	star wars day! i'm dying here, only 11 hours now!! may the force awaken in us all! theforceawakens starwars johnboyega hamillhimself
0	the tix have been purchased. saturday is star wars day for me and the mister. gotta love reserve seating!
0	star wars day is tomorrow for me. when you're the parent of young kids, you can't do those midnight screening.
0	already done ! see you at milan
0	when your 2 1/2 yr old's 1st words this morning are "it's star wars day" b/c we are seeing a sneak peek tonight proudgeekmom hesdarthvadar
0	woke up 100% convinced it was saturday. didn't love realizing it's only thursday but labeling it "star wars day" in my head made it better.
0	holy shit holy shit holy shit, it's star wars day!! its finally here!!! may the force be with you all! theforceawakens
0	happy star wars day! it's not may 4th, but it feels like star wars day to me!
0	in honor of star wars day! who else is going to the movies this fine thursday?
0	star wars day! may the force be with anyone resisting the urge to spoiler.
0	dertobio lt_disco i second you. not nearly as deep as dark souls (see the 3rd link in my profile's description)
0	look forward to auld guy *battering fuck out of ye in the sfv beta tomorrow. *going mental on here because it doesn't play like dark souls
0	guys. today is star wars day!!!! may the force be with you...or awaken...or whatever. i'm too excited to get facts right.
0	nicknelsonpr those tickets may have sold out faster than the kendrick lamar show.
0	tomorrow! finally! here are 8 money lessons from the movie star wars day: 8 financial lessons for may the fourth
0	the 2nd part of u by kendrick lamar is so emotional tbh like his voice, he sounds so hurt
0	thirsty thursday! get on in here and see curtis! also tonight 9:00 the voodoo daddy's! should be fun!
0	family time then i'm going to fire up the stream! either more soma or i may jump on the hype train and give dark souls a go! 930pm tonight!
0	may the food be with you on this star wars day starwarstheforceawakens, via pbsfood
0	great. glad to see lady gaga honored so. wish the grammies paid more attention to who buys than their suits.
0	it's impossible to just listen to kendrick lamar's black friday just once, i listen to it at least 3 times in a row
0	we can't wait for ira's in-depth workshop at the 19th annual georgia organics conference! get your tickets today...
0	milan is the 5th team with the best form in serie a with only one loss in the last 5 games. according to whoscored
0	i can't wait to invade these wal-mart's on december 22nd with kendrick's xxl cover.
0	it's star wars day in the llc tomorrow! don't miss it!! wheatonnorth
0	festive friday and star wars day is just around the corner.
0	trying to go watch milan at least 3 times a season now may as well spend my money on something i will enjoy never know what round the corner
0	our term 3 mama brown thursday twilight finished with a bang last night - grand final results are below:...
0	had a great time in bloodborne today. thank you to all the followers and subs!! cya tomorrow for dark souls 1 and 2 ng-ng+99 progress!!!
0	come to the twilight market next tues 22 dec from 2-6pm - your last chance to stock up before we reopen on jan 16!
0	i have the privilege of performing at the usher hall tomorrow, which seats 2,200 &amp; has welcomed elton john, led zeppelin &amp; david bowie...
0	star wars day is tomorrow!!! super jealous of everyone who has already seen it/ is seeing it tonight but work decided this for me
0	aight twitter and facebook; i am going dark till after i see star wars tomorrow. may the force be with you all! happy star wars day!!!
0	my mom just said, and i'm not kidding: tomorrow is star wars day, are you ready to see all the treakies at the theater?
0	vouch360 thank you, thor! i hope your friday is amazing.
0	saudi arabia said on sunday that at least two women were elected to public office in the conservative islamic kingdom after winning seats
0	festivus is back this year with a new look. it is now festivus twilight and will be on the 15 january from 4pm to...
0	i now declare today star wars day, may the box office records be ever in your favor
0	last night &amp; tonight &lt;&lt;&lt; hopefully a better one tomorrow milan
0	hello mutuals who's going to the vamps' concert in manila on jan 30:)
0	caesar_flunk richeyrevol well their 1st 3 fell behind george michael's faith &amp; the bee gees' you win again.
0	mailjet: it's fri...we mean star wars day. may the force be with all of your emails!
0	star wars was good outside of seeing so much of rayjay's dick. i may have been watching kim kardashian's sex tape now that i think about it.
0	happy star wars day from your friends at the mongcast! may the force be with you.
0	tonight (friday!) at uptown bill's coffee house 7 pm. victorian christmas concert with curtis and loretta,...
0	ok that's funny! what would dems say? and you can't use kim kardashian in the survey
0	friday: star wars day!!! sandwich of the day: ham solo w melted brie, arugula, mango mustard &amp; pepper relish on sourdough
0	fun friday mashup ---&gt; nelly's hot in here mashed with bee gees' stayin alive:
0	why am i just now finding oht about black friday j. cole and kendrick lamar
0	star wars day at the rma! may the force be with you!!!
0	not a fan of chris evans, but tfi friday with alan partridge is very funny! brian adams was good to! run run rudolph chuck berry , brill !!
0	counterfeitrock just bought tickets for milan! can't wait to see you in april! love you so much xoxoxoxo
0	nintendomad888 maireadralph i'm working to make masked lumen and in march i'll go to cartoomics in milan with a big italian group for bayo
0	backstage interview with the vamps! planet's 5th birthday bash in las vegas was unforgettable! following a...
0	can't wait to see amy schumer with _stephaniefrey_ tomorrow!
0	man, george harrison was my favorite beatle. what a brilliant soul, may he r.i.p
0	everyday at twilight when the sun turns red in the sky i think of you on that shoreline brushing the hair from your eyes
0	obama signed a law today making gifts of up to $100,000 from an ira tax-free again. if you want to give to the foundation, call us monday.
0	frostygary hehe due to your answers i think we may be the same person lol mtvstarof2015 lady gaga
0	kendrick at the end of black friday crack me up every time
0	ridethenetwork rideox4 chris evans alternative radio show 12pm tomorrow give it ago!!!! its so good!
0	on saturday night live set today with amy schumer!
0	kind of equally excited at staying in watching the soup finale tonight as i am for going out to see amy schumer tomorrow. well...kind of
0	"i may not be a lot of things, but i can write songs and i can sing." lady gaga just showed the world that she fucking owns herself. yes.
0	tomorrow is the big dark souls race between myself and pewgeminilive starting sometime between 9-10am est be there!
0	today is star wars day, may the force be with us..
0	i'm so glad we've gotten to a point where all the twilight movies are on tv on a given friday night. ashamed
0	watching "trainwreck" for the 2nd time with my girls. hilarious!!! love amy schumer! trainwreck johncena amyschumer
0	black friday by kendrick is probably the best song i've ever heard
0	well, twilight is out of the wash. in her original colours no longer dampened by dirt. days of sun-drying ahead.
0	dark souls kicked my ass tonight. called it an early night. sent the kreygasm raid over to see ya tomorrow &lt;3 !!!
0	kim kardashian is a big star wars nerd?: even kim kardashian is getting into the star wars spirit. on friday, ...
0	i thought star wars day was may 4th, because "may the forth be with you". now it's december 18th too? "go december eighteenth yourself."
0	utterly fascinating. never before seen photos of 1953 coup in iran by an employee of us embassy at the time.
0	debraruh happy birthday deb! may the year ahead bless you with health and happiness for you and your family. hope milan is sensational! xxx
0	may 04th today may not be, but star wars day it is! :d
0	omg. i don't know why i'm just hearing "black friday" but j.cole murked kendrick big time.
0	petermcnamara_ both of them managed in the modern game also? he will win trophies in his 1st 3 years, but then recovery time.. inter milan
0	milansteskal perfect timing on this, milan! got tickets for the new star wars movie yet? may the force be with you!
0	the vamps will be bringing their debut concert to singapore on jan 26! grab your tickets now if you haven't already!
0	mtvmusicuk is about to announce 1st place for mtvstars. fingers crossed for lady gaga!
0	the boys won the voting for mtvstars!! lady gaga came 2nd!! -s
0	it was a wild night at jazzstlouis jazz at the bistro. amy schumer &amp; cast dug our 2nd set &amp; had a comedy jam- epic!
0	nightlife in milan, italy: aperitif and evening at fiat open lounge - english page - for the ones tomorrow sunda...
0	need for speed.. snap tomorrow.. rukna is banned.. rahul gandhi was the quickest today. you will be the one for...
0	join us tomorrow december 27th for our star wars day. all 3 services. grades 1-5. it's going to be epic!...
0	vienna (reuters) - russia's envoy to the u.n. nuclear watchdog said on monday he expected a historic nuclear deal between iran and world
0	happy saturday! blue skies all around the port! gallery open today 10am to 5pm. maineart lovekpt art "curtis...
0	by tom perry beirut, dec 7 (reuters) - a syrian opposition meeting due to begin in saudi arabia on tuesday marks the most serious effort
0	got to get behind curtis and the boys tomorrow, but i think we will win!
0	i may possibly be in love with cate blanchett now.
0	one of my all time favorite songs, george harrison live bangladesh august 1st 1971 ( the year i was born :o )
0	i want to go see kendrick tomorrow
0	"long live the idols may they never be your rivals, kendrick was jesus, cole wrote the bible." jcolenc
0	brianawrites happy saturday, briana. i just left my biggest family christmas gathering of the season. how are you?
0	4:52 4th | final media timeout of the game and st. bonaventure leads colgate, 51-30. curtis has tied career high with 12 points.
0	lil cindy just played me black friday by kendrick lamar and j cole. mind blowing. wow!
0	just call her chef! lady gaga gets back to her italian roots as she shares...: on sat., lady gaga, 29, proudly...
0	kendrick lamar's black friday is prolly the nicest thing he's done recently
0	one of the 1st jokes from the hilarious amy schumer at twcarena: "if anybody thought they were seeing 'godspell' tonight, maybe exit left."
0	i'm at the point of drunkenness where i lay in bed and eat plain tortillas while i watch twilight zone reruns. it's a wild fucking saturday.
0	thor thinks he's a lap dog and a face cleaner... fun personality for sure :) he will be with us again tomorrow in...
0	captainlauren48 for your 21st, i got you a date with chris evans. sound good? lol :p
0	i'm just waiting for the day when it's announced that there will be a 5th twilight about jacob and renesme
0	deeisaac_ love you too bro. be safe on the road back home so we can see kendrick tomorrow.
0	that wasn't even the day i wanted to go most and it was insane can't wait for kendrick tomorrow
0	really hoping kendrick's next album has at least 10 tracks where he snaps like he did on his black friday freestyle
0	it's b/c of me. i saw twilight the 1st weekend. didn't see star wars :)
0	interunfao such an interesting sound at the time, for me, less so after curtis, but remember the storm blue monday caused patrickavenell
0	michael5sos i saw you in milan, may 9th and it was absolutely incredible
0	snl well it's a good thing i stumbled upon maya rudolph, amy schumer, paul mccartney &amp; bruce's 3rd after roh10man. cheeseburger kget
0	benporrov we have our heart of all england evening on saturday 30th april and the twilight fixture on friday 16th september.
0	kim kardashian shares the moment she 1st connected to kanye: and it's the best throwback:
0	great result for the romans res yesterday winning 6-2 broctonfc res goals roome 4, kendrick &amp; elay who are 3rd in the table youngromans
0	eyaaocampo: yasssssss going to the vamps and 5sos i can not wait videomtv2015 5 seconds of summer
0	fact: lady gaga was the highest voted female on with over 120,202,201 votes! 2nd overall behind 1d!
0	kick off sunday with lilmix! from lady gaga to the strokes, give it a spin!
0	today's the day! the sun is shining! it is star wars day my friends!
0	centre on religion and geopolitics, a think tank linked to tony blair, says most syrian rebels sympathize with isis.
0	kendrick killed this beat better but i see you j.cole!
0	tripleh hi what ganne do to roman this monday you have to kick his ass like sting i'm your fans from saudi arabia
0	kendrick kills it in black friday.
0	another away victory for milan, now in 6th position and coppa italia quarter finals. not bad.....mihalovic we the fans want more!
0	the two days i'm looking forward to the most: tomorrow aka star wars day and friday of course. :)
0	galliani confirmed that boateng will join milan. he'll be included in the team from 4th of january. milan
0	good news to all milan fan. may be it time to return to continental football ucl
0	played football,watched football and last nights ufc &amp; just taken down a massive ruby whilst watching twilight. what sunday's are made for!
0	star wars day! may the force be with you. studio movie grill
0	everyone should have kendrick's album 1st or 2nd he killed that shit
0	inter still top after loss, but the top five all close together chasing the scudetto with milan lurking in 6th. exciting
0	melinda may can lift the mjolnir and use it and she'll just say she's doing her job. *at some point thor lifted her. yep he's dreamy*
0	i still can't wrap my head around kendrick and j cole's black friday it's too godly
0	earl tomorrow then kendrick the day after!!!!!' cant handle
0	great weekend wrap up with milan win yesterday forzamilan ..great 2nd half display!
0	kim kardashian launches kimojis including image of her bum: it may just be the ideal last-minute... daily mail uk
0	if you haven't heard black friday by jcole and kendrick. please allow your ears to have orgasms.
0	this wednesday 23rd december special twilight market at 4.00pm until 6.30pm, just in time to buy fresh for christmas! no market boxing day
0	. vouch360 thank you for the mention, thor. happy monday!
0	my last market for the year! looking forward to the richmond good food twilight market this wednesday night...
0	iran ranks 1st in futsal held in china: tehran, dec 21, irna- iran's futsal team ranked first in the quartet c...
0	walking through glasgow in the pissing rain then george harrison's dulcet tones appear on my earphones with 'here comes the sun'. nice.
0	live ass kendrick concert with my boy harper lastnight live ass rockets game with my boy woodley saturday ns won my weekend was great
0	c'mon, kendrick, c'mon. he shot my heart with those lines.
0	giulio_michelon i'll probably be in milan the first week of may ;) looking forward to see you sooner or later.
0	justinostudios bruh kendrick got my head spinning in black friday with all his bars
0	heffrondrive italy miss you :) x come back as soon as march to milan! we are waiting only you and dbeltwrites
0	ollisbear time for the sun to set at 4pm, and bask in twilight until 9am the next day! :d
0	j cole said kendrick lamar was better than himself and that he may be the closest thing to pac that hip hop will ever see!!
0	man crush monday (for my lady tweeps as they asked for it!) - chris evans chrisevans
0	just posted my video from my trip to milan for the mtv emas back in october. it's pretty cool. i mean, i'd watch...
0	it's star wars day at the uga_wbb game on wednesday! win movie tickets, t-shirts &amp; more! &gt;&gt;
0	nowplaying kendrick lamar - black friday it's the best av heard from lamar
0	kendrick is gonna be 1 on every year end list.. so vote for the man yomilo and get the 1st round upset
0	zackwagner11 thor is ready for the game tomorrow.
0	peggynoonannyc hi there and best from milan,italy; if dgates made you angry as per nyt may i ask why? xxx filippo
0	you guys!!! robertglasper's 2nd night recording in la for 'covered' is when he recorded eight songs with kendrick lamar.
0	twilight market tomorrow 3-8pm all you need for a very, merry xmas ham,pork,vegies,wine bundarrapork angelicaorganic peregrineridge
0	so drake's "if you're reading..." is the 3rd best album of the year, behind kendrick and adele (haha). they might as well hand me the grammy
0	"tomorrow belongs to those who can hear it coming." david bowie the internet/media has the power to make the...
0	ellemagazine go kim go kim go merry christmas kim kardashian may your god be with you with love peace happiness
0	kim kardashian's 'kimoji' app broke the app store: kim launched kimoji's monday -- kim-themed emojis -- and the response was crazy.
0	pres barak obama,1st,i wanted to let u know,i luv u.u hv been 1 of the best pres in this county,&amp; done great.howevr,pls stop iran's visa vwp
0	after wednesday's twilight market check out the lovely local lights like these in gladesville drive. invite friends!
0	fab day of photography in oxfordshire today. planning the twilight shot for later. there again tomorrow
0	see you in milan!
0	blvkizzler i don't know, maybe one day i the future. i'm going saudi arabia and dubai in march insha allah
0	could there be anything better to listen to today? george harrison - here comes the sun. wintersolstice music
0	on saturday, women in saudi arabia voted and ran for office for the first time women
0	it's exciting to be in israel when tomorrow there will be a general strike. i hope it helps workers in israel!
0	brianabanksxoxo good evening briana, i wish you a good tuesday and an excellent christmas eve :-)
0	pieces from the 1st traci lynn fashion jewelry show i went with kalynn m. kendrick , yes ladies the jewelry is definitely on fleek!
0	rjbellaterra warm up ain't deep? friday night lights ain't deep? born sinner ain't deep? come on cuz. just say you like kendrick more. lol
0	milan may go back for porto midfielder gianelli imbula. they will try acquire him on loan with option to buy. [tmw]
0	so i stood up for kim kardashian today lol! someone sd she's a gold digger &amp; i said she may be a lot of things but she makes her own money!
0	my art paint it black by the rolling stones and here comes the sun by george harrison
0	robert pattinson was so beautiful in the 1st twilight
0	1st country in the world to adopt multiculturalism. here is the country that did it some 2500 years ago ... iran
0	chris evans is neo-edmonds. oh chris please dazzle us with party tricks your production team googled on your reheated friday shitfest
0	i enjoy kendrick for rhymes and performance. that 2nd part makes the first hazy for many, i think.
0	"in them to do it." amy schumer in ew, october amyschumer is a fucking rock star &amp; i love her &amp; jesus f'ing christ we need more like this
0	briana gets her last gift tomorrow and she's probably gonna cry like a baby!!
0	i like thorburn with copp and halischuk on the 4th line. really like thor on the 4th line.
0	kendrick lamar with big sean - alright (live) 2nd annual tde christmas toy drive/concert: via youtube
0	well, i beat the 1st boss of dark souls. yep. i understand what people say about it being hard xd
0	adamlambert can't wait to see you in milan in june!! love youuu xx
0	not much love for the infamous challenge run today, but had some fun and some viewers during dark souls ii! that'll resume on saturday.
0	turkmenistan is the 2nd biggest producer of ng in central asia. 3 chief destinations for its gas are china, iran &amp; russia.
0	the vamps will be on the cover of the next btsmag issue! it's coming out on jan 2nd!
0	early christmas present, mage titans italia tickets 25% off until the 25th! &gt; &gt; see you in milan! magetitansit
0	kendrick lamar may be onto the next big thing.
0	tomorrow night, 40 years since we ran the very first carols by twilight in webb st narre warren. don't miss it...
0	garydooton since you said bloodborne may be better than dark souls i've been having an almighty internal struggle. you... might be right.
0	with milan sitting in 6th -the highest they've been in almost three years - shevchenko wants time for the coach.
0	israel - ramel bradley (ex yesilgiresun) may agree terms with hapoel holon
0	a long read but worth it. great insight into power &amp; control of ira in newry. chilling.
0	iran ranked in top five best futsal teams in the world after spain, brazil, russia and italy! football
0	inside amy schumer is scorching its merry way back onto comedycentraluk in the new year. s3 begins on jan 11 at 11pm. (s2 still on demand.)
0	footballitalia suddenly remember he is ex milan player.. and also his 1st goal for milan when he was just &lt;1 minutes on the field...
0	can we just talk about how much kendrick slaughtered that black friday track? sheeeeeeeesh
0	cool! a tiny milan apartment with a magical disappearing kitchen via apttherapy design decor organize wednesday.
0	jamesgunn only my 3rd tweet ever &amp; it's to you. at 20:45 in gotg, is that chris evans as nova security?
0	lady gaga is living all our dreams with the actual pony she got for christmas: we may all joke that we want a ...
0	i just want it to be tomorrow so i can open my justin bieber cd i know is waiting for me under the tree
0	milan are leading the race to sign the talented midfielder. milan plan to sign him in june and then send him to genoa on loan. tmw
0	they don't have a 1st amendment in israel. so it's perfectly legal!
0	literally just sat in my car and listened to justin bieber for 34 minutes it was the best 34 minutes of my day
0	if you're at the mall and wanna sing justin bieber songs with me come to pac sun
0	litre a voddy on a wednesday, start how you mean to go on during these holidays, ira
0	sltrib's trevorphibbs published this years 1st class 5a state ranking - sons of thor keep up the excellent work!
0	ty arnews1936 for this good news! may iran release our american prisoners very soon as well. merrychristmas to you
0	pretty accomplished that i was the 16th comment on justin bieber's insta pic
0	my submission for the dark souls story contest. you all may as well quit now i got this in the bag.
0	my favorite books about dystopia and fantasy are harry potter, beautiful creatures, hunger games, twilight, eragon, 5th wave, percy jackson.
0	bdutt narendramodi in muslim countries like saudi arabia and iran they are sung with respect. law should be obeyed.they may go where not.
0	kendrick lamar's black friday is flame only he can go that hard for 4 minutes damn
0	he is the god of abraham, isaac n jacob - israel! he's alive... then who is israel? u may ask?
0	we'd love to see you in israel sql saturday on april 4th. learn from brent ozar and rob farley precons sqlsaturday
0	i love kendrick's 2nd album as much as anyone but it doesn't compare to good kid mad city
0	not that i normally retweet justin bieber, but this time i thought it may be worth it. merry christmas everyone.
0	it's finally here: star wars day in the tracey household! i may be taking my excitement too far...
0	birthday happy birthday to author stephanie meyer-writer of the twilight series 42 december 24th
0	happy birthday stephanie meyer!! may you have a merry christmas by twilight!
0	lovely george harrison story when he was shown first ever beatles website. via eamonn_forde
0	cute &amp; good idea: show the real israel, far away from biased headlines!
0	happy birthday to writer stephenie meyer (december 24, 1973), author of the twilight series.
0	terrygilliam sat my daughter down and we watched 12 monkeys. changed her mind about what a really good movie is (not twilight)
0	can i just wake up tomorrow and find justin bieber under my tree
0	i'm still not over kendrick's "black friday" freestyle. lyrically up there with the "control" verse. i said it.
0	as jealous as i am, i can't wait to see my sisters reaction when she opens the justin bieber tickets she's getting tomorrow
0	summermerin ajitkumar_kanan it's a huge concern..may god bless and protect rahul gandhi. please be safe &amp; get more security officeofrg
0	been blasting justin bieber all day to hint to my mother she still has time to go online and buy me tickets to unwrap tomorrow morning...
0	awkwardpuppets dear lord please make my dreams come true and get a justin bieber follow i've been a belieber since 1st grade now i'm in 7
0	i hope that tomorrow i will wake up with justin bieber in my stocking
0	merrychristmas iranresistance may christ free iran from the chains of oppression, amen.
0	dropped joel at jfk for birthright trip to israel. tomorrow the rest of us off to florida to see family and friends. merry xmas!
0	have all merry christmas with your love ones !!! good health and protection. may god bless usa and israel.
0	mistletoe by justin bieber is my jam all year round i don't care if it's july imma have that song blasting by the pool
0	if i woke up to justin bieber backstage passes tomorrow i'd make sure my mom got a million dollar mansion after i marry him.
0	enjoying a relaxing day today in milan. we start our shows at blue note jazz club tomorrow. gospel concert...
0	it may be 2:30 am &amp; i may be eating christmas cookies.. but im still jamming to justin bieber's new album. problem?
0	congrats on your face lumagrothe! offduty in milan. | see more about milan, september and models. -
0	hawes &amp; curtis wishes you season's greetings. spend time with your loved ones and we'll see you all tomorrow!
0	macrocredit reagoikanya turns into cupid in february, becomes the easter bunny and does short stints as superman, thor &amp; other characters
0	soooo who's down to go to the justin bieber concert with me in march??
0	gonna continue to watch twilight tomorrow i've been leaving the rest of the movie that i didn't watch yet for a long time lmao
0	peace on earth, everyone. may david bowie and bing crosby be with you!
0	elianabenador that's very kind... thank you &amp; merry christmas! may the light of g-d always shine upon &amp; protect israel!
0	thank you netanyahu israelipm. may god bless and keep our friends and allies in israel.
0	israel365pix thank you mr b.netanyahu may the lord bless you and family and israel and god land's of chosen
0	i will be seeing justin bieber on my 18th birthday and i literally cannot explain the joy in my heart right now
0	but on the bright side im going to justin bieber in march
0	jeonghan looks like one of the characters in twilight wearing that hoodie tho
0	i'm seeing justin bieber july 13th with my best friend julia_359 justinbieber
0	i wanna play dark souls again for the 1st time
0	i'm seriously going to my 3rd but best justin bieber concert i want to cry thinking about it
0	this is the 3rd christmas i've gotten justin bieber tickets hahaha blessed
0	ilnewsflash thank you israel! we love you &amp; god loves you. may he bless you &amp; keep you!
0	i got justin bieber tickets for christmas i'm crying i have wanted this since the 7th grade
0	yesterday i bonded with a 9th grader over our mutual love for justin bieber and disdain for non-iphones
0	shabath shalom to all of you :) may the god of israel bless you all :)
0	trivial but true - the 1st really successful communist communities were in israel - kibbutz . important part of the left zionist movement!
0	great day today with family. now to get ready for milan on monday christmas merrychristmas blessed grateful
0	so happy because i'm going to see justin bieber march 23rd !!!!!
0	here comes the sun du du du du here comes the sun and i say... it's alright! - by george harrison
0	xs_11official see you tomorrow at the britannia! been almost a year since we got to meet you in milan, now to see you turn it up in stoke!
0	meet j'ason b'ergkamp? 1st reply to t'rumps tweets is always, magically, him. funfact: the bot is from israel.
0	signing off for shabbat shalom. may the jewish state of israel continue to be a loving &amp; peaceful place for all.
0	thanks to my mother in law, i am going to see justin bieber in march. i am the happiest person alive rn
0	seis_godeep kendrick we love you in arkansas.hope you success where ever you life may go.i hope it leads back toar. but if not,u go get it
0	cole and kendrick did with the black friday track.
0	may 11th 2016 is the day i see the love of my life justin bieber
0	our first christmas together and we got to celebrate our 1 year (the 24th). merry christmas from curtis and i!
0	christmas may be over but it's never too late to buy ya girl some justin bieber tickets:)))
0	david bowie makes me want to draw and draw and get lost in a whirlwind of sound and color :d saturday boxingday drawing davidbowie
0	i hope someone blesses me with justin bieber tickets before march
0	autumnjoiee ion know cause i feel like thor would too but then again thor is really humble so you may be right
0	justin bieber my dyslexic king, the 1st boy i was ever sexually attracted to he has been popping my pussy since 2009
0	israelipm leasavoy susansshrimp may god continue the bless and protect netanyahu and all of israel.
0	i'm gonna make eye contact with justin bieber in june
0	holy crap i literally just now realized that it is friday and i didn't upload the new dark souls video. great. great! great!
0	idfspokesperson shabbat shalom all the joshua of israel. may god bless u &amp; keep u &amp; favour u.hv a blessed holiday seasons&amp;a victorious2016!
0	thank you to brenda may callander jp peter tanya (i think) briana zack austin andrew and i'm thinking grandma...
0	its like the 26th now yet im not sleepy...i blame twilight series
0	we love you elton eltonofficial eltonjohn_ thanku for loving israel as we do
0	istanbultelaviv with this sweet and sudden u-turn frin israel, don't we all understand how the term "doenmeah" was coined in the 1st place?
0	i'm meeting justin bieber in april.... i don't think i'll ever shutup about this.
0	tickets for the concert of justin bieber booked !! justinbieber dreamed realized omg !! porpose world tour , 20 sep 2015 paris belieber &lt;3
0	manvsgame cannot wait for you to get back. hopefully we see you around april for dark souls 3 :d!
0	i write a letter for you at the meet on 30 april 2016 milan :) jackjackjohnson jackgilinsky jackandjackreal
0	so i got my 1st professional beard trim done at finleysformen in plano. let me tell you there is nothing like it. curtis is awesome!
0	youngest into 5th hour of justin bieber on her new karaoke machine so now's the perfect time to get me to confess to pretty much any crime.
0	my song of the year, kendrick lamar - momma. my verse of the year, the 2nd verse of momma. you'd only understand if u know me
0	best of luck to tad, theresa, curtis, and all the other uk fans when logging in to work monday. told you i was...
0	lebedeva170377 may beauty &amp; love rest within your soul. have a wonderful day, ira!
0	carol tomorrow and am so pumped about cate blanchett and sarah freaking paulson mssarahpaulson aka one of the best actors of our time.
0	reuters may god be with his people israel and guide and protect them! i stand with israel!
0	happyfishmoon thanks milan a city beautiful happy sunday for you
0	promoted again! i just guided milan to 2nd place in non-league a
0	-- thor helped jane to get out of the ship. their plan may begin.] [ambitiousfoster ]
0	followmehayes hayesgrier i share a bday with justin bieber lmao remember to wish me on march 1st ;)
0	constantly mentioning comments about justin bieber to my parents, so they may just buy me tickets.
0	freeamir is this the 4th or 5th xmas amir has spent in iran jail? god bless the hekmati family! dva
0	is it july 13th yet? i need to see justin bieber with his shirt off in person
0	julia_polkadot stardusts_x canaancg 3rd: briana is the only one i can trust
0	i might see justin bieber in concert for the 3rd time and i'm so happy
0	i'm gonna sleep. tomorrow we have more dm's to give, just with justin bieber. i hope you like our account! ~ mansfieldlolads
0	from the time i dropped off mar'i to the time i got home i blasted justin bieber &amp; i have no shame
0	again: 2nd best album of the year according to noisey, ranked one position below kendrick lamar!
0	justin bieber i can't wait to see you on may 7th and get ready to see danielle because that's your wife
0	happy 3rd day of mcgi international thanks giving to god of israel mcgithankstogod
0	this is the year that all the earth may know that there is a god in israel!
0	... happened to him while leading the people of israel. i know that it may not be easy, but you do promise to be with me. thank you for ...
0	gonna go see justin bieber with dylan in march on my birthday!!!!
0	and each time the sun kisses the shore, i remember every promises you swore. - twilight thoughts
0	my dad is enjoying twilight lmao... he keeps tellin me to shush while i quote every 2nd line bc he wants to watch it
0	therealbjbolden lol i'm supposed to be going to milan tonight with my girl, what are you up to tomorrow night
0	currently listening to justin bieber's very first album and the 6th grade memories are coming back
0	it's 9:30 am on sunday, so obviously it's time for david bowie.
0	justin bieber via fahlo: may our new year be filled with moments like this
0	honestly i will die if briana gives birth on february 1st that would be the funniest thing ever
0	twilight spent in hottub with my beloved. no vampires or lycanthropy in sight which was sad. but he kissed me better as we watched sun sink
0	petesbydre kidhaggis his birthday at start of march, may start saving now haha. did wee btts double for tonight in israel &amp; late belgium
0	is it wrong that justin bieber is growing on me and may even like him???? beliebers
0	listening to kendrick lamar's black friday and hearing a reference about 10,000 hours! ten000hours
0	tomorrow i'll do solo dms with michael clifford,justin bieber,nash grier,beau brooks,jai brooks maybe liam! so follow me n turn my notifs on
0	on its 7th week, justin bieber's 'purpose' is 2 on the billboard 200 chart! (it has sold over 1.16m just in the us)
0	justin bieber still no.2 after adele on billboard 200 charts in the us (7th week)
0	chris evans says goodbye to tfi friday as he moves into top gear for new motoring show
0	well done to justin bieber - love yourself is the ultimate uk chart no1 for a 4th week. can he hold onto the top...
0	talking books with my 5th grade niece at our family christmas she's a dystopian fantasy, twilight girl. must have learned from mrslawless2
0	montana news and our viewers support and pray for israel and it's people and leaders. may god protect them.
0	first kim kardashian tries to break the internet and now this!the 35-year-old reality star launched her emoji app, kimoji, on monday and
0	for christmas i got justin bieber tickets... holy fuck... all this time i'm finally going to see him in my very first concert on april 9th!!
0	i just had the best 3rd date ever hate how before this thing takes off properly i'm gonna be going back to milan
0	okay so i'm pretty sure i'm going to be seeing justin bieber in march???
0	my 3rd new years resolution is i'm not gonna cry over justin bieber.. he'll come to me one day
0	twilight and hot toddy shower gels on the lush kitchen this wednesday...and so my obsession is rekindled
0	45imax51 thanks, israel! the base-band version will determine if the device is up-to-date. may we please have the model
0	my pictures are always like the 2nd one but he is justin bieber so he's perfect anyway.
0	"so laisha, how do you spend your saturday nights? " oh you know, i watch twilight...by myself.... and eat
0	i liked a youtube video justin bieber full interview october 4 -2015 (selena gomez and what do you mean )
0	early morning playing 7 cards with the guys, please play justin bieber - sorry, jolly monday morning tune! goodhopefm
0	according to billboard "sorry" is the 9th best song of the year. videomtv2015 justin bieber
0	kim kardashian has been looking back fondly on 2015. on sunday the siren named her top magazine covers of the year
0	david bowie is: sold out on december 28th and 29th! there are no tickets available anymore at the cash register for today and tomorrow.
0	travelling to europe, happy new year: rahul gandhi: congress vice-president rahul gandhi on monday tweeted that he will be travelling...
0	she did makeup for kim kardashian, kylie jenner, charlize theron should we keep going on? this february 19th &amp;...
0	rajkumarskv hi congress man. your profile description is interesting. may i know the qualities of mr. rahul gandhi that inspires you!
0	rebeccalhorner i thought star wars day was may 4th (be with you) theforceisstrongwiththisone
0	makes sense bc while watching twilight they were always glad when the sun was out like hella happy .
0	forbes and wef like israel as a good place to do business. israel ranks as the 25th best place. proud iot
0	ljcambria frisrael you are a patriot! such compassion and commitment; may god bless and keep you and israel.
0	justin bieber's smile is now certified gold,as he made this golden announcement on his snapchat on december 16.
0	smrajaai just about to watch iran play czech republic at handball in wroclaw. i may be the only one cheering iran.
0	dgutman_ i would agree. given that milan are 6th, it's fair to say they'd be a top 3 side.-ms
0	a great point that. 1 closer to safety. a 3rd clean sheet under curtis. 2 points above bottom 3. delighted! 8 changes to the team
0	harry_styles but tomorrow will be 18 months since the best night ever spent with you in milan really hope we can do it again one day
0	top science and technology award of the islamic world to be awarded in iran on friday
0	mariahcarey finally got my ticket 4 sweetsweetfantasytour in milan!!!! can't believe i'll see u 4 the 1st time will u take some selfies?
0	beer tech and game night tonight, star wars tomorrow, entrepreneurs in jeans on wednesday. no plans for nye -i'm in israel and don't party
0	that moment you realise justin bieber may be better at freestyling than young thug don't forget to like our page...
0	"twilight - sauble beach" has just become my 13th picture to record 300 views.
0	gr8 meeting rohan &amp; milan 2day with cst crowe &amp; macarthur k9charger &amp; k9general!!! good luck wed rohan sickkids!!
0	benjamindube...psalm 34:17-19...may the god of israel who does not sleep nor slumber be with you and strengthen you in this trying times
0	so who's going with me to see justin bieber on april 7th
0	hey it's monday. just remember, cate blanchett as galadriel. have a great week everyone.
0	cole and kendrick really went off on the black friday remixes
0	happy birthday to therealstanlee from israel! may you live to 120 with good health and great wisdom!
0	justin bieber hits back at 5 seconds of summer over ama after-party claim: it may well be the beginnings of th...
0	excellent free program on sun., 1/10 at riverforestpl -- he's been to iran (and 110 other countries). riverforest
0	i love israel and i will always support you, come what may.
0	thor is home! thor went missing on dec 25th and was back home on the 28th. no info was submitted to us on how he...
0	i've given it some thought over the holidays and think justin bieber may be cool now.
0	may god bless the people of israel and keep them safe.
0	with love in my heart for the fathers in israel, may i suggest 10 specific ways that fathers can give spiritual...
0	praying for my nephew and his church group headed to israel tonight. may god protect them. tripofalifetime
0	madonna47892596 may i ask you justin bieber i would love to meet you in person i also love your music so if i can email me at bandit76044y
0	no alarms set for tomorrow, all of my animals in bed with me and i'm watching twilight. is this heaven?
0	thank you guys so much for all the support tonight! it was fun! hopefully, i'll be back tomorrow with dark souls!
0	sick dark souls 2 stream action was had! abledorfenheim.. the legend. we shall continue tomorrow!
0	kellonedwards edwards91reece rad! i leave for israel thursday. i'll get it on kindle. when was warfield around?
0	to pimp a butterfly by kendrick lamar is the best album of the year. hamilton the musical is easily the 2nd best album
0	what kendrick dropped on black friday does more for the culture than the dirty sprite and 6 god crowd could even fathom.
0	watching justin bieber's believe right now with brittberman and we're going to disneyland tomorrow. life is good pt.2
0	britslo hi brit, i will still be in israel next sunday. thanks though. i will be following the game on gamecast. go jets!
0	may this new year bring much goodness to rahul gandhi that he starts thinking about development of india!
0	13millionplus chrislhayes going to see the big short tomorrow(so excited) &amp; have started re-reading twilight of the elites.
0	jewishmust hope to see you at our opening in tel-aviv, israel in march!
0	chris evans's attention will be on top gear which returns in early may with him at the helm, alongside german racing driver sabine
0	roses are red, violets are blue, happy star wars day, may the fourth be with you.
0	just got my 1st lootcrate ever and it's fantastic! thanks guys and gals, for finally shipping to israel. lootcrate
0	glad i watched twilight. now i'm not alarmed when i see fresh_lezinto out in the sun
0	okay here's a thing july 21 2015 is the day when justin bieber followed me and i wont ever forget that date like ever!
0	vibetickets i really want to see justin bieber april 10,2016 in dallas, texas
0	india, iran plan to increase bilateral trade, explore new areas of cooperation at the 18th jcm
0	maydayparade i'm doing everything i can to be there on 13th february at the legend club in milan 'cause you're the best band out there
0	viagogo hiya, do you know when my tickets for justin bieber on the 20th of october will get sent?
0	purposetourcom selling 4 justin bieber standing tickets for the 20th of october in manchester!
0	chidwack__ omg yes!! then i'll be in milan for my birthday on the 5th!!
0	iran ranks 1st in liver surgeries, allah bless the country.
0	jay z joins instagram with nostalgic tribute to michael jackson: jay z apparently joined instagram on saturday and..
0	18th anniv of princess diana's death. i still want to believe she is living on a private island away from the public. with michael jackson.
0	mariahcarey may he r.i.p. happy birthday michael jackson . :)
0	virgo of the day- we wished our fellow virgo captain michael jackson a happy birthday on the 29th now it's time...
0	michael jackson was the man, i remember watching the thriller &amp; smooth criminal music video for the 1st time &amp; it was lit
0	aldub radio maalden monday np: i just can't stop loving you by michael jackson! this with spanish and french versions! aldubtherevelation
0	happy 28th anniversary to the album that generated 5 1's just like katy's teenage dream a.k.a. bad (michael jackson)
0	the weeknd may be michael jackson reincarnated... i'm just saying there are a lot of similarities musically butthatsnoneofmybusiness
0	ou_football eric, i heard your love for michael jackson. i got to see him in concert from the 4th row - his sweat hit me when he spun.
0	onthisday1987 cbs records shipped out the largest pre-order in the company's history for michael jackson's album bad
0	i just texted my friend that i'd be busy all day tomorrow preparing to roast michael jackson tomorrow night. life is awesome.
0	jay z 'pays tribute to michael jackson as he joins instagram' with touching photo, it may be his last
0	autoengmike minutemaniac imstillarebel coltgovt45 typewrittenlove you're a better dancer than michael jackson. c"mon, spill the beans
0	glen_hansard 1st record, &amp; best memory of buying an album with my own $, was michael jackson's thriller. in that moment, i was a rockstar.
0	todayinmusichistory michael jackson earned his 12th and last solo 1 during his lifetime with the song "you are...
0	last saturday would have been his 58th birthday. mussic from michael jackson coming up in just a few minutes.....
0	let us dream of tomorrow where we can truly love from thsoul,&amp; know love as the ultimate truth at the heart of all creation michael jackson
0	s/o to 7th grade year when being michael jackson still lost to a bumblebee during the halloween costume contest
0	jay z apparently joined instagram on saturday and posted a photo montage of himself with michael jackson, who would have been 57 years old.
0	remembering michael jackson thursday, september 3rd starting at 22:00 party like a king in memory of the king of...
0	mojo just did a mini-mix of classic michael jackson that just made my thursday better.
0	fandom infiltration - as you may or may not know, i accompanied my mawm to the michael jackson one cirque...
0	candycaneliam midnightmiseryx fandombeliefs and may i remind you that 4/5d look up to michael jackson lol
0	michael jackson, a place with no name. rare usa sold out: $129.99end date: thursday sep-10-201... michaeljackson
0	its freddiemercury's 69th birthday! many of you may have seen this, here's a rare pic of him with michael jackson!
0	so everyone was so happy bc michael jackson came and he sat down and started singing so we all gathered around and listened
0	portland, make sure and catch mattwertz this wednesday at 8 at alberta rose theater. i'm hoping for at least 4 michael jackson covers.
0	carbiewarbie ty4 follow. happy sunday! et the extraterrestrial (storybook) as told by michael jackson (movie edit)
0	will be resuming his "artist of the week" selections on tuesday. his featured artist at that time will be michael jackson.
0	sunday brunch with a bloody mary is the best! michael jackson is on the radio too! drinklocal dolocal music
0	i get my 1st slumber party with helen byers moore since our back in the day moments with our michael jackson...
0	on 6 september 2001, michael jackson made a surprise appearance at the mtv vma where she danced with * nsync.
0	they're showing the motown 25th on pbs. michael jackson at the height of his fame. mind blowing moves. moonwalkdebut
0	rock calendar 9-7-01: performing on stage for first time in 11 years, michael jackson is reunited with jackson 5 at the 30th anniv. celeb.
0	when i was in 4th grade my sister convinced me that michael jackson was the guy in the barney suit all those years
0	jusreign my favourite michael jackson is the one with the tingalingalingalingashingshongbhungbhaaanng tap tap moonwalk on the sun
0	monarchy expert d. michael jackson will chat about queen elizabeth's long reign on newstalk770 tomorrow at 12:30pm.
0	if barack or michelle obama walk the runway during style tonight or tomorrow life will be complete. that is all.
0	michelle obama seems to have really enjoyed her theater going this weekend. she saw kinky boots on saturday, and the king and i on sunday.
0	michelle obama set the bar exceptionally high 4 flotus what kind of 1st lady would tonettewalker be wi wouldn't know, we've never met her
0	my mom heard someone say michelle obama on tv and she started singing 5th harmony... help
0	michelle obama: us 1st lady teams up with wale to promote higher education
0	i frick frackin love shows with madison so much tomorrow is going to be so fun wowowowowoowowowwowowowoow i'm not ready michelle obama
0	2 thomas edison hs graduates will join 1st lady michelle obama's beating the odds summit bringing together 2015 college bound graduates
0	literarygrrrl michelle obama may be the first lady, but these shoes will make you a lady in the streets (and a freak in the bed).
0	going to first lady michelle obama's beating the odds summit tomorrow! excited by cameyyboo whitehouse usa
0	us 1st lady michelle obama speaking at the 2015 beating the odds summit to over 130 college-bound students at the pentagon office. &gt;&gt;
0	also the first to graduate college, i agree. michelle obama: making school cool is key to success. via washtimes
0	collincebey i admire michelle obama more. cant imagine how she survived being in a remote african village for 1st time! she deserved wh!
0	is michelle obama and the sytycd crew dancing at the white house today cuz i may have to join
0	"the 1st lady" michelle obama was in the house! what an inspirational moment! zenofamily
0	in may i sent a children at nature play sign to first lady michelle obama. today, i received a thank you note...
0	michelle obama to 1st gen college students on education: "this should be the cool thing to do in life."
0	michelle obama has a dance off with ellen degeneres to celebrate the 5th anniversary of the first lady's "let's...
0	anomaly100 marpeesh hmiglino teapainusa no wonder you think michelle obama may be attractive?!?
0	"caller:president obama said-'if there was no restriction on me having a 3rd term i would win it.' was that a precursor for michelle obama?"
0	so i just found out today that i might get to see michelle obama on friday
0	i am going to try to meet michelle obama on friday
0	happy 50th birthday michelle obama! we're winding down our friday with our favorite flotus quotes!
0	the michelle obama look book via thecut | the 1st lady. all dressed up , 4ever on the go &amp; on the taxpayer's $$$
0	laura w. bush michelle obama psalm 72:15 long may he live, receiving gold from arabia, prayed for without cease,...
0	jan runs into michelle obama on her way to a charity event. storm clouds begin to brew over the women as they battle for psychic control.
0	sum1'll say he saw pmb wt michelle obama a hotel kissin n d nxt 2nd ur readn it online alrdy! no e4ts 2 find out d authenticity of d story
0	ugh! michelle obama was selected the best dressed woman by the sunday times (time).
0	first lady michelle obama is a elegant and classy 1st lady who presence touch the heart of us all lovemypresident&amp;firstlady insideedition
0	america! my friends thestruts are playing the jimmy kimmel show tomorrow night with michelle obama! couldn't be more proud!
0	michelle obama is one of the most active 1st ladies since eleanor roosevelt tbh
0	'the view' returns with new, hopefully controversial hosts: guest michelle obama (3rd l), wife of presumptive ...
0	i may have a treat for you guys tonight so you can play some minecraft with me ;) thedream
0	looking forward to learning about skype, minecraft, sway &amp; more thurs/fri at tnt. still room for more! psd70
0	doing a mock build of ashoka build now and i think i might build her in minecraft tomorrow. if so i'll definitely stream it disneyinfinity
0	had fun streaming with friends. hopefully i'll get back to minecraft tomorrow! goodnight all
0	calling all minecraft fans, this saturday august 22, it's minecraft survival night. come show us your building...
0	of course mom can make a minecraft cake. happy 6th to my little man.
0	early upload of minecraft, this week, since i'm going to be away from the computer essentially all day tomorrow!
0	limited availability! register today!! "minecraft may have started out as just a game, but it has become much more...
0	playing diversity2 on minecraft with fliptflop and friends. playing it for my 4th time
0	mrsdrakepve anniedewey so my 3rd grader tells me you're interested in minecraft lessons. he would love to show you the ropes!
0	gym time :) friday stream will be back to minecraft! see you then!
0	eckoxsoldier 'ruben the 2nd' or 'percy porker' for moo's minecraft pet house pig? :-d
0	next thursday we're helping derbymakers with the free minecraft event derbysilkmill. find out more here:
0	thank you all for coming to the stream tonight! very laid back tonight :d tomorrow! we play minecraft and more! :d
0	happy saturday petersfield! we've just had an excellent drop of new books, everything from the new william boyd to minecraft!
0	reply to this tweet with any challenge you may have or any idea's that you want me to do in minecraft and i will make sure to do all of them
0	minecraft still down. i will try again tomorrow! sorry guys i know you want it back and so do!i! till then xoxox
0	wfs saturday is about to start! if you have a 360, minecraft is up, &amp; we're open to viewers joining us!
0	hydrothewuff i may get to record some minecraft with thekindfox so i'm super happy :) ((hugs)) &lt;3 did you manage to check the skype invites
0	sunday is full of minecraft hype on kickback! can you make $100? pick a game at
0	i am now attending insomnia55 on friday. i'm doing a panel on making games in minecraft! not sure if i will stay the whole weekend yet.
0	rugid_azz and maribolhd the two new followers. thanks for coming hope you guys come back tomorrow for minecraft with the boys. lots of fun.
0	reserve your spot for our next party camp! programming &amp; video creation with minecraft! starting aug 31, grades 1-3
0	autistic_mind autismfather the condition even though she doesn't play minecraft, i don't mind. i may consider applying for senior...
0	26 august free kids minecraft app building: creating web apps about minecraft!
0	i'm not excited because a minecraft game is coming to wiiu. it's because it's 3rd party support and i'd love to see other tt games coming.
0	photondragon13 harmonicraftmc okay sweet! i'll give it a go when i hop on minecraft on sunday
0	if you are curious about my wild friday nights: i promised liam i would play minecraft &amp; kennedy requested burritos for dinner.
0	c418 may i use one of your ~amazing~ minecraft tracks at the beginning of an interview i'm doing for my website? ( &lt; 30 seconds )
0	parent/child 3d modeling class with minecraft! this saturday (tomorrow), 3 pm at austin tinkering school, only...
0	also tomorrow. i'm streaming a actual minecraft game so be there. um i'll make a thing of what i'm playing
0	sorry for no video on minecraft yesterday. it literally just uploaded! that video will be up on monday and i think you will enjoy it! :)
0	notch this may cheer you: ridiculously, i only found out what minecraft was this morning techybutnotagamer
0	stream coming tomorrow streaming minecraft and madden come check it out
0	thanks everyone for coming out to chat today. i'll be back tomorrow midday with minecraft.
0	guys! good news! i found the authentication url for minecraft which means that i may be getting it unblocked! *fingers crossed*
0	our 4th graders are going to build missions in minecraft. elemcode
0	i'm going to play minecraft tomorrow on around 4:00 i'll be in survival at my plot my user name is ssmississippi
0	off to bed but looking forward to flumps and playing minecraft with martin and chloe tomorrow...hmmm minecraft flump? flumplover minecraft
0	yesterday's minecraft video is on the 2nd page when searching for minecraft mods. this is good going for me :p
0	minecraft account: derosion mineplex retweeted, may i wish best to all for the legend rank!
0	anyway, i'm gonna make something in minecraft for tcmparty's 4th anniversary. hold on, though; my stupid ps3 is updating. again.
0	5th grade ss in daviddllanes class study decimals with minecraft.
0	ok, about to do a lybootcamp workout while the kids are engrossed in minecraft videos. happy friday!
0	music and minecraft, the best thing on a free friday. msfairyviolet is streaming! omg! get in here!
0	appstore plzz accept minecraft update by at least sunday or monday please we are all waiting for it we all have been waiting for a month1/2
0	so i may have just bought minecraft.
0	good day for vids tomorrow. stasis, long dark, rebirth and minecraft!
0	tomorrow i'll be streaming minecraft at 4pm est. see you there minecraft ps4 twitch
0	notch many thanks for minecraft! it has enriched my son's life. may you find happiness, fulfillment and success in future endeavours!
0	minecraft hello, i have an idea for the next version of minecraft. you may add in minecraft dirty cobblestone, dirty stone brick, etc.
0	holy shit i've been playing minecraft since alpha 1.2 (nov 2010). that is actually crazy. i *do not* want to know how many hours i've logged
0	i need a 3rd game to record. any suggestions guys? :) at the moment i have until dawn and minecraft.
0	guy i will be streaming live tomorrow starting with a little let's play on minecraft so tweet what u want to see in the world :)
0	anthonyricci20 i'm going 2 be posting a tutorial that you asked me 2 do weeks ago in minecraft. take a look tomorrow &amp; sorry for the delay
0	longest stream in a while o-o will be streaming early tomorrow, probably at 1pm pst with some league, minecraft and cs:go (maybe) xd
0	jeb_ your work on minecraft appeases the great one. may he rain catnip and milk upon you! schemaxx
0	so, i am gonna be going to a minecraft tournament at sopro games in overland park, ks on saturday, october 17 :d (im gona rek sum nubes)
0	i liked a youtube video from rsmalec an mhc conversation with technascribe - september 01 (minecraft
0	surprise! monsanto says, "no glyphosate in breast milk".: on july 23, wsu posted the news th... via marchingmoms
0	great new short film highlights one of the many farmers monsanto sued
0	farmfairycrafts globalecoguy i work at monsanto so it's not possible i think for myself, talk for myself, etc - really? happy saturday!
0	nutritionistard newshour the march against monsanto movement shows that we can kick their butts in the market place despite their control.
0	the second to last paragraph about the aims of the protests was interesting- a lot is not about monsanto at all
0	i've been using tom's natural toothpaste and just read an article that march against monsanto saying that this...
0	monsanto's $46 bln offer deserves a hearing, says unmack1: syngenta should talk, or show investors it has a better plan $syt $mon mergers
0	morgan stanley rating update on monsanto company (nyse:mon): in a research note released to the investors, mor...
0	march against monsanto founder, tami canal, discusses foodjustice with anthony gucciardi.
0	i think i may actually be whipping through the gilmore girls series on netflix too quickly... i'm gonna have to start over again!
0	netflix and chill season coming you way!
0	too hot. too cold. rain. sun. snow. clear. people always have an excuse not to vote. online you say? nah, i'm watching netflix.
0	woganheidi the 5th quarter on netflix is so good and sad, you should watch it if you haven't already!
0	d_mayer420 i just bought the 5th season &amp; i stay on netflix lol!
0	- just found out season 3 of arrow is going to be on netflix october 7th
0	.opieradio watch "video games:the movie". it's in netflix and it starts from the 1st video game from the 50's up until the systems now
0	tomorrow's my friday! i need it. bout to lock myself in and watch netflix till gym time.
0	i'm really bored guys idk if you can tell i'm gonna have a netflix marathon tomorrow suggest things i could watch
0	real committed to watch netflix all day wednesday
0	reason 19387483 that my dad is the coolest human: he is currently obsessed with friday night lights on netflix
0	i got my 1st achievement on the xbox one: watch netflix 7 days in a row.
0	netflix set to make new series of charlie brooker's dystopian drama black mirror | media | the guardian
0	have tomorrow night off from work and no hw... i'ma netflix and chill with my dog tomorrow night :-)
0	miohael5sos can we netflix and chill tomorrow instead of me going to school?
0	misssconceived if you've ever seen friday night lights on netflix you look like lila gearity!!!!!!
0	been rewatching 3rd rock from the sun on netflix. still funny esp the first two seasons. have you seen it?
0	i don't have work tomorrow so i am going to watch netflix and stay up and probably fall asleep at a decent time anyways
0	bts_twnk oh okay u said it was on netflix right? maybe i'll watch on friday
0	my 4 day weekend = binge watching old episodes of saturday night live on netflix
0	she gave me her netflix password . . . i've crossed over to 3rd base.
0	last episode of the league on netflix..then its new episodes on fx tomorrow
0	hypable all good, i'm excited about a 3rd season finding home on netflix. just want to make sure the readers have the news as it develops
0	judgejules1311 there is no horror to it! first season is the best, second is dreadful! third is ok, just waiting for 4th on netflix ha!
0	i think wednesday is the day which you lay on bed all day watching netflix and eating ... no school no shit
0	i may have just renewed my netflix because i wanted to rewatch once upon a time
0	lisageek24 i discovered a netflix series you may like cause dinos and trucks! dinotrux!
0	woooohooo. netflix coming to singapore. finally..i live in a country part of the 21st digital convenience revolution
0	yeah, beachgurlnani our data resets tomorrow, but don't burn it up on the road this weekend watching netflix!
0	thedrake1001 alangdon17 may just wear helmet while i watch kevin hart on netflix...lol, but wife wants to go so ya know what that means.
0	we may be poor...but cuddling with my kitten in bed w/ wine, chicken wings &amp; tacos to candle light and netflix isn't the worst... netflix
0	i have much to do before tomorrow, so the logical thing to do is watch netflix all day, obviously
0	oppenheimer's jason helfstein reiterated the firm's outperform rating on netflix $nflx ahead of wednesday's apple inc $aapl
0	netflix has its eye on four new markets in asia for launch next year: netflix said tuesday it will bring its t...
0	ive been to the library twice and both times ive sat in swanky chairs watching netflix lit collegegoals woo
0	halleywood i'm going to need to catch up...i only just started watching the 3rd season by accident. lol. are the 1st 3 seasons on netflix?
0	"longmire"premieres tomorrow on netflix! thank you netflix for picking up season 4!
0	every time the sun shines i'm happy when it rains i just wanna cuddle with you to be warm ...wanna netflix and chill
0	jonathan128k i have this coming from netflix tomorrow! never saw it before.
0	since we're doing nothing in 6th hour i'm just gonna watch netflix :-)
0	my ps3 is finally here and netflix has returned, may the procrastination begin
0	they are more usually seen behind bars in the netflix original series. but on sunday the trio had a whale of a time at the billie jean
0	.brc_222 brc222 interesting! it's going to be a challenge for apple to top netflix originals though! oitnb
0	you may have seen them from nike soccer, but now you can have them from soccer stop nc! nike has again innovated...
0	nike's phil knight may give another training facility to the university of oregon:
0	closer look at the nike lebron 12 what the. coming tomorrow.
0	use code pumped on nike's clearance to get an extra 25% off. ends on the 7th.
0	"yesterday you said tomorrow, just do it" - nike
0	we're teaming up with nike to host one heck of a birthday bash next wednesday. rsvp here:
0	check out these labor day weekend sales going on now through monday at our nike clearance store: 40% off all...
0	today should be on nike tomorrow glasgow to edinburgh cycle so won't see monday work so will miss it &amp; off tuesday ???? my mojo has gone
0	nikestore got 'em after 3 min using the snkrs app! going forward i hope all saturday releases could go as smoothly. thank you nike.
0	shockersara jdjoe22 just got off the phone with nike. the official release of the t-shirts will be next tuesday. be......aroused.
0	ends tomorrow and the good stuff is going fast extra 25% off nike at w/coupon pumped
0	that moment when u realize u may be single handedly supporting the entire nike corporation. but can u really ever have too much nike stuff?
0	today i wore my neon nike pros to rush. today i also discovered that in the sun you can see my neon nike pros through my dress geauxgreek
0	sevaelfon check with your local nike retail locations for release info. only online has been confirmed for september 11.
0	some body come with me to the nike outlet tomorrow
0	i need to figure out what shoes im going to buy tomorrow nike or adidas superstar bc my brother has one and i want to have it too
0	atkfans2015 atletidekolkata its not. nivia will be associate kit... but the match kit may be nike!
0	leanne_cohen you know, i've only just recently bought my 1st ever pair of nike! x
0	i'm going to the nike employee store tomorrow and i'm so fucking excited
0	here's the 1st part of nike's very interesting topic on genlivecast
0	asos i really want to order my husband some nike air max 90s for 1st anniversary tomorrow. could you offer me a free next day delivery code
0	put saturday in your diary if you want a pair of nike air presto. there will only be 80 pairs in store at nike!
0	are you interested in interning with nike? nike info session: september 16th at mcclelland park rm 402 from 5pm-6pm
0	for the 2nd consecutive year, the patriots and nike will release new lunar force 1 sneakers.
0	looks like all releases nike / jordan will be raffle, i can dig it. fck the bots!
0	new hurley thongs and slides all featuring the nike free technology sole treatyourfeet feel the sun on your toes...
0	i love my nike players!! way to go serena! expecting great things from you tomorrow, federer!
0	s/o to the kid who's gonna show up in that all neon nike outfit tomorrow
0	think this is great advertisement for nike. although it may be unconventional, very emotional and inspiring m300f15
0	wednesday's one minute warm up: a chart of the 330 punts last wknd &amp; pats ower robert kraft gets his own nike shoe
0	freshkicks: nike's online raffle system may have finally beaten the bots: sineadfresh
0	bam lifestyle nike's online raffle system may have finally beaten the bots
0	nintendo releases new 3ds with new animal crossings bundle. klgg nintendo3ds gaming
0	standard new nintendo 3ds coming to north america in september: nintendo announced today that the standard new...
0	officially out of office hours until the 8th! in my back pack: nintendo and mario bross yes mp3 yes bikini yes...
0	sethrogen saturday is our annual drinking mario kart tournament. if you're in the uk and fancy beers and nintendo feel free to come join us
0	beemercanada let's make him more likely to be confirmed isaac4smash isaac4smash! isaac4smash! c'mon, nintendo, this is our childhoods!
0	dantereborn i honestly think the super mario bros 2 set is coming. nintendo wanted to concentrate development on the more-similar sets 1st
0	my super mario maker review for the daily dot - this is the online community nintendo fans have always wanted.
0	nintendo celebrates mario's 30th anniversary with super mario maker. quite possibly the best reason to own a...
0	isaacmalvo nintendoamerica golden sun helped build the handheld franchise of nintendo. isaac deserves his spot.
0	gon get smashed! the nintendo kind though, not the drunk kind. right?..right?
0	hey nintendo, is the new sept 25 3ds only a limited edition bundle in na, or is that 3ds here to stay? also, will eu faceplaces work on it?
0	just checking in with nineverything (nintendo everything), a random twitterconnect enjoy your friday
0	i find it interesting that 3rd party collector's edition don't sell out. nintendo is a different story.
0	just updated my profile to help promote the new game for the nintendo 3ds coming out on september 25 called animal crossing happy homes!
0	warpjump ninbendo1 at least it established that nintendo can put in 3rd party characters. (i want snake back)
0	tomorrow's nintendo know is all done and it's going to be a pretty good time.
0	on november 18th 1998, nintendo released the game boy color. the first handheld allowed to be owned by poc. bullshithistory
0	anyone want a nintendo 64 it'll arrive by wednesday? star deal!
0	i can't believe nintendo is announcing the nx. "just because i mean why not. here ya go. happy monday" - miyamoto
0	nintendo may go back to carts also make so i can sit my console on the carpet. full n64 style nintendo indiedev
0	gary_bbgames where did you order it from? tell me it was the nintendo store so i can hope it turns up tomorrow.
0	my long shot dream announcement tomorrow from apple: apple tv video games include a partnership with nintendo.
0	blazeruler nintendo may have wanted to make it e10+, so they left him out. i dunno, probably not true
0	jediprince84 i bought rayman legends just to have some simple fun. i can't wait for nintendo to sink and become a 2nd/3rd party developer
0	it would be poetic if nintendo became a sony 2nd party developer. it would also make choosing consoles every generation very easy
0	apparently super mario maker comes out on the 11th of september. i guess it's nintendo's way of saying "just bloody rebuild them already".
0	what if tomorrow apple is just like, "the apple tv is now a game console and we're going to take on sony and microsoft (and nintendo)" lol.
0	wanlov may your everyday look like bonus points you get while playing one of those nintendo game of super mario
0	out of all of the nintendo franchises, i wish i could be excited for pikman 4. c'mon, can't i just have star tropics 3?
0	cyantyphlosion wayforward playstation she still has three games on nintendo consoles (4th one coming up), so she still has a chance
0	is tomorrow's new apple tv really a games console, and does it involve nintendo?: and if there's one thing tha...
0	yeah bro i read about this long time ago! kojima (metal gear solid) really wanted that series under nintendo at 1st
0	supermariomaker is out this friday! who's excited? i absolutely love nintendo! who's with me?
0	susanarendt if u were to consider the best supported console by 3rd parties (ex-sega) &amp; range of games, i'd say nintendo snes for me :)
0	geekyranjit which one is the phone betwwn nokia lumia 730 or the moto g 3rd gen 16gb?
0	like this chavvy girl sat on the opposite end of the bus arguing on her nokia
0	come play the att 15th ball challenge and you could score a nokia tablet! 15thshot yougotthis
0	verge i droped my nokia 5800 from the 5th floor &amp; it didnt even hav a scratch (not exageratin). i wish new phones had that kinda durability
0	nokia n95: solidly hand out until the ides of march.: uvqedak
0	lumiapilipinas may available po bang polycarbonate shells for 630 sa mga nokia stores nationwide? and how bout the price range? thanks!
0	ashleybalzee gavlar1988 i imessaged you and it didn't go through, have you got a nokia with snake? are you about tuesday night time?
0	spent this sunday afternoon with my young cooly fresh rio theonlyfreshrio lucky stripes nokia
0	1st of all i'm a big fan of lumiarsa &amp; microsoftsa. since early 2000 i was using nokia &amp; i'm still using. it's easy to use and affordable
0	the mobile game "snake" may end up being the most lucrative part of microsoft's nokia purchase.
0	nokia seeking innovative ideas for the iot. winners of the innovation challenge may receive vc funding.
0	annemarieflan cathpg my daughter flies back from the us tomorrow am, then heading to reading, just getting her nokia brick phone set up!
0	facebook just achieved 1 billion active users in a day on monday. at its peak, 1.1 billion people carried a nokia phone with them.
0	hamily about to help youngthug tear down club nokia in october its about to be littt
0	ellyoncer5 loulouteniina wow... i had my first phone at 6th grade and it was nokia express music, or nokia 3310.....
0	nokia n97 miniature - cause the whole range green through simply entire march: kwcauf
0	september 1 nokia live los angeles it's going down
0	wmpoweruser bbry's route is more similar to nokia though, both had great market share, in-house os and then going with 3rd party os
0	dghyhyh joelrdodd i'm terribly tempted to move back to a nokia as my phone. (although i may still use it as a hotspot)
0	i last charged this nokia brick phone on friday... todays monday, only now does it say battery low
0	jesskellynt patkennynt the classic nokia 5110. with two spare covers. my dad gave it to me for my 21st. major excitement!
0	apparently i have a new moroccan boyfriend. he doesn't speak english so we just sat on his nokia and played snake. best relationship ever
0	happy 15th birthday! you are still the greatest mobile phone ever made. ladies and gentlemen, the nokia 3310.
0	nokia n1 tablet receiving android 5.1.1 lollipop upgrade: one of the most popular tablets available on the mar...
0	happy 15th birthday to the greatest mobile phone of all time! nokia 3310
0	omg. it's the 15th birthday of the nokia 3310. i had one. sigh. you only had to charge its battery weekly.
0	happy 15th to the nokia 3310! the best phone ever! :3
0	thank u nokia: yesterday was 15th birthday of nokia 3310,one of the best things that has ever happened in the ...
0	long life&amp; pros "shawnife_: happy 15th birthday to the legendary nokia 3310... the father of mobile phones ??pic.twitter.com/pqd2scudobb"
0	jonyiveparody npann pretty sure some kids (like me) know where that is coming from - the unveiling of nokia..ahem, i mean the 1st iphone
0	looks like someone agrees with you nataliejak21 .....was the nokia 3210 the greatest phone of all time?
0	happy 15th birthday nokia 3310. you are missed.
0	phablet designs: nokia lumia 1520 vs iphone 6 plus vs samsung galaxy s6 edge: on saturday i got to play with t...
0	will nokia's 4g lte strength help counter the china rout?: on sep 2, we issued an updated research report on n...
0	horlaleck yea still nokia 210 i just kinder like the phone this my 7th times am usin it
0	8ap the iphone has sold in excess of 700 million units since launch, that is almost thrice as much as the nokia
0	oneplus_in , need 2 surprise mom wid op2 on her b day which is on sept 15, send invite pls kunal_chowatiayahoo.com ,she s using nokia 6203
0	seriously. this england qualifier looks like it's being filmed on a crappy nokia phone. feels like i'm watching sunday league football
0	the last known person on planet earth to own a nokia button phone, my mother, got an iphone on friday. a 73 yo played with spotify today.
0	zeus1998 nokia hi robert, nokia may be best answering this but you could try and reset here.
0	microsoft kills some nokia photo apps for windows phone - microsoft announced friday that it will cease developmen...
0	nokia is returning to the phone business; this time with an android phone | catch news: back in june, rajeev s...
0	the beckham kids may get everything they want but they won't know the feeling of playing snake on the old nokia phones
0	rumours had it for long, but this may actually be the first nokia android phone!
0	rednationrising thedemocrats hey, turns out obama may be right about man made climate change destroying the planet after all irandeal :-p
0	i am not an american but i'm convinced that obama, the 11th president in my lifetime, is by far the bestpotus
0	usa_beauties "we are the 1st generation 2 feel the impact of climate change &amp; the last that can do something about it" obama
0	obama's day: the duke blue devils: president obama opens a post-labor day week tuesday by welcoming the champi...
0	senate dems secure obama's iran nuclear deal - democrats on tuesday gave president barack obama the votes he needs...
0	given obama's usual sense of urgency, washington's 'review' of the syrian refugee (not "migrant") crisis may be...
0	'us public agrees with israel's opposition to iran deal' obama may have secured congressional support for...
0	sarah palin joining donald trump &amp; ted cruz at big rally in d.c. tomorrow, 1:00 pm at the capitol, to protest obama's insane iran nuke deal!
0	logan21butler obama is making a trip to des moines monday.. you and iacountrygirl91 coming down for it?
0	obama may be the president of the free world, but he's the king of dad jokes.
0	obama's 94-year-old grandmother will be honoured for her work with kenya's orphans at the 10th south african traditional music awards
0	.kingsroadrocks enjoy 'fun on the fly' with orvisuk in green park on the 16th from 4-6pm. obama is a fan!
0	obama's going to macombcollege to talk about free college. it isn't the 1st time he's used it as a backdrop:
0	opiningcourt ron_fournier jappiter i get a lot of good news from him i may not agree i think he's wrong about obama but he's on point
0	i'm a pdf convert. i shall seek the almighty oracle for guidance. michaelshermer
0	you knew he acted, but did you know he also directs? check it - duncancoe 2nd aded this short film, oracle.
0	8/15/15 - tomorrow's crystal oracle card (tourmaline. learn from the past and move on.
0	oracle boat party aug 23. almost the end of the summer, not many boat parties left here in ny. this will be on...
0	with one of the greatest ux innovators, during oracle's mdc 5th anniversary celebration. plunginoracleday
0	already in the el salvador, looking forward to share knowledge with oracle people here. see you tomorrow!
0	watch my 1st attempt at making a narrative game/movie; with homage to oracle! xboxone batmanarkhamknight
0	mandikaye fyi, my other favorite book in that series is the 4th. oracle's moon. the beginning hits me so hard every time.
0	the weeknd coming to oracle with travi$ scott in december.. oh my.
0	our reading team &amp; national careers service advisers will be in the oracle, reading on weds 26th from 9am to 5pm. drop in for info &amp; advice
0	this is awesome!! i could not agree more about oracle.
0	julie_weathers good for you! i'll have a peek tomorrow. mind you, i have an oracle dropping by. that is most important.
0	kamixxo tickets are 60 or 114 but i'm getting the 114 oneeeee lol i just need to know who down frfr. december 5 at oracle
0	creating some new jewelry tonight. photos to be posted tomorrow. along with an oracle reading. ;) keep an eye...
0	register today for the premier fall event in utah for oracle technologists! utoug fall symposium is on sept 23rd.
0	mdm. oracle is back! see her again and the rest of spit this saturday at eastwood!
0	garcia_alex8 tickets start at 150 and it's at oracle on dec 5.
0	my new sounds: thank god it's friday (prod. by oracle. mastered by stix 'n' snarez) on soundcloud
0	plz halp. i need to see the weeknd at the oracle in december.
0	great day nhsexpo so far. if you're at the event we'll be presenting with oracle on predictiveanalytics in healthcare tomorrow. expo15nhs
0	trying out a new life purpose oracle deck today-one free 3 card career/life purpose reading if you comment 1st on fb.
0	richardolrichs hi, thanks for your great contribution in oracle and i hope one day i may reach your levels. god bless you.
0	hi new york peeps. did you know that you can see oracle, summon the apgrod and a whole host of other altgames at babycastles on the 10th?
0	what makes a great test leader? discuss with johannarothman at sqgne wed sept 9 6:30 pm, oracle, one network dr, burlington, ma.
0	oracle, memcached, engage api all running in docker. you may applaud now if you'd like.
0	our ina &amp; oracle location will be closed tomorrow the 7th. but we know you need to fill your smoothie cravings...
0	oracle really stood and delivered. proud of how the south performed!
0	wake up to database innovation with oracle: breakfast briefing, 10 sep, london -
0	enjoy lunch on sept 23 and learn how you can improve your database performance while reducing oracle licensing costs
0	while in undergrad, planned parenthood may as well have been another class i took. i learned so much about my...
0	horse_lawyer she may be my favorite libertarian writer right now. her response to the planned parenthood controversy was on point.
0	jeb bush says he cut off funding to planned parenthood as governor | politifact florida
0	paul says even though they may not have votes to defund planned parenthood, 'i'm going to make them vote.'
0	so that we may spend eternity with him in heaven . planned parenthood must be shut down violence begets violence . respect all lives
0	join us at the stand with planned parenthood rally in york next thursday! rsvp here now:
0	shannonbream foxnews i will be watching friday night at 10 est your special report on the planned parenthood scandal cwfora
0	randpaul: tune in to fox news friday night for a special on planned parenthood, brought to you by shannonbream!
0	hoping your tweet means u realize the importance of planned parenthood in early cancer screening for women. do you?
0	planned parenthood continues to stand strong by meagan gallagher on july 14, a group calling itself the centers...
0	love the combination of pics here: pope at the gate, about to be released into the wild...?
0	tickets to see the pope go on sale today at noon. the rest go on sale tomorrow. here's the link and all the info:
0	this radical pope is close to getting excommunicated ;) may the force be with you always, pontifex.
0	[kcci] pope changes annulment process for divorced: pope francis on tuesday radically reformed the process by ...
0	december 8 begins the pope's "year of mercy".
0	this pope is so cool i may just remake my myspace so i can add him to my top 8
0	families take in refugees as pope calls on europe's churches to open their doors - 1st x i disagree with his holiness
0	c'mon, do you wanna popular pope or a strong spiritual leader? popularity and the pope catholic popefrancis
0	join the moral march in washington, dc on september 24: on september 24, pope francis will address congress on...
0	heatherw25 i just hope the you only pope once pale ale doesn't go quite as fast in cape may that weekend
0	richardjonatha call hafiz saeed sir he may help u out. maybe pope can b handy . try it.
0	celebrating the pope: what makes pope francis tick? free webinar: sept 10, 7-8p edt more info: mattbunson presents
0	as a jesuit pope visits the us, you may have questions about us. check out the us and canada jesuits' resource page:
0	the pope is only as nice as he has to be to lure you back in: cool pope strikes again: pope francis on tuesday...
0	pope francis usa tshirts on sale for $10 to mr. hylka-room 219 by thursday 3pm. these will be worn 9/23, the day the pope arrives in the us.
0	looks like i have a 1/3 shot at getting tickets to the pope's mass. so if anyone isn't busy at 12est tomorrow, i'd appreciate some help.
0	pope benedict xvi 1st to quit in about 600 yrs, feared a bad pope would be chosen.
0	hey everyone go vote so the pope vs woodstock game can be shown live on tv on friday!
0	went on a tour of the basilica, where michelangelo was buried. going to the sistine chapel tomorrow. pope is speaking there.
0	i am glad the sanhedrin is back in business (because of the 3rd temple) and will be trying obama and the pope in absentia well deserved.
0	if you missed out on pope tix for independence hall,just annnounced 2 more tix avails online 4&amp;8pm wed fox29philly
0	lady tecniq news a quick pope primer: things to know before his historic visit to the united states later this mon...
0	today the pope announced making it easy to get an annulment. coincidence that today is my 25th wedding anniversary? omen wtf signfromgod
0	wisctv_news3: pope's marriage annulment changes expected to make church more inclusive news3
0	we just had a great time with joyce coronel with the catholic sun. she interviewed several families who are going to see the pope.
0	"i wonder if the pope watches our games" - joeschmidtiv may be the quote of the season
0	bertyashley richarddawkins better call the pope. he may be more sympathetic, one never knows.
0	hope the pope heard about it
0	september 23 , cern, pope meets congress for the first time ever.. y'all betta wake up.. it's bout to go down .....
0	the pope is coming &amp; our 1st graders are learning about his travels with flat francis! mrs. donohue you're awesome!
0	serbian president to visit pope francis on friday: serbian president tomislav nikolic will meet with pope fran...
0	focus on faith and climate change: pope francis &amp; the 4th era of the catholic church's engagement w/science premium
0	pope concelebrates mass with armenian patriarch: history was made on monday when pope francis concelebrated mo...
0	the little-known 9th c. marriage crisis &amp; the "great" pope who stood firm | churchpop
0	the pope rsvpd. have you? take your selfie with the pop-up pope at our fall social on monday!
0	tbh i may be even more excited about the pope's joint session with the u.s. congress than his public appearance/ mass in philly
0	come say hello this saturday at founder's day... just look for the pope!
0	pride parade - join the vancouverpride festivities this sunday happening in the west end, from 12-3pm!
0	embrace community diversity, &amp; unity once again as the pride parade celebrates its existence for 37 years this sunday
0	in case you missed it, or want to look for yourself, last sunday's 21st annual ldnont pride parade airs at 8 p.m. tonight on rogers tv.
0	i'll be joining justintrudeau in vancouver's pride parade sunday. walk with us! burnaby vanpride lpc
0	bus services in liverpool city centre will be affected on saturday due to the pride parade
0	there better be a cold beer waiting for me at the finish line to the pride parade on sunday! thisisnotajoketweet
0	sogic and lawyerswithpride are getting ready for the pride parade in vancouver this sunday. hope to see you there!
0	ooh!! i should totally wear my fnatic tshirt to pride parade on saturday since it's all pink n cute heh
0	it's going to be a big weekend! pride parade, official patio day &amp; a holiday monday. check out out hours--&gt;
0	check out this awesome 1965 cadillac de ville that linc will have for the pride parade on sunday! very kindly...
0	ready for the pride parade on sunday? here's the route so you can plan ahead: -peakmornings
0	i invite you to join me at the pride parade tomorrow. we will be meeting in the provincial government parking lot at 12:00pm. see you there.
0	samson odin thor caesar have just arrived in brighton to assist local officers with the pride parade tomorrow ps3481
0	tvp_horses good luck thor, samsom,odin and ceasar. do the mounties proud. may tomorrow's pride parade be a big success.
0	good times! we are gearing up for the pride parade on sunday! come out and cheer us on! will be a great day!!!!
0	diversity is a beautiful thing. watch for the burnabyschools float in sunday's pride parade.
0	such a brilliant day in buzzing brighton! pride parade, sun and beach! just wish tjgdance and edwinjray could have enjoyed it avec moi!
0	pride parade outcome: lots of fun, a heavy sun burn and back pain. wish i could party tonight, but packing for gdc/gamescom takes priority.
0	join us at our pride picnic this mon aug 3rd at 2pm, the day after pride parade :) vancouver
0	sergiotoronto thanks for rt, my dear! by the way, if you hear noise from the west, it's just this sunday's pride parade in vancouver :))
0	we will have to wait to hear from lpc ldr justintrudeau he is en route to vancouver to march in the pride parade today cdnpoli
0	video: pride parade vancouver: the 37th annual vancouver pride parade filled the streets of vancouver sunday. ...
0	nualamcallister dinomulby bbctalkback my wife is a devout christian and she went to the pride parade on sat. and loved it.
0	the pride festival starts soon in capebreton! join the labour movement saturday at the pride parade! cbpoli canlab
0	woo! my film is all ready for the exhibition! should be a super busy day on sat: exhibition, pride parade, fetish meet up and partying!
0	watch the 2015 pride parade live from reykjavik on our web camera on the 8th of august at 2pm
0	sunday is pride day! come tomorrow to wepridefest to see pride parade and enjoy the day with exciting entertainment!
0	thanks for retweeting cluttercoco. on the road home from summer holidays. back in fredericton tomorrow and i'll be at the pride parade.
0	meet up at starbucks by the capitol around 10:30 tomorrow morning! clipboarding before the pride parade!
0	the dementia community roadshow vehicle will join manchester's pride parade on saturday august 29 for the first time
0	we will be walking in the pride parade on saturday (parade starts at 1pm at foundry/main st. let us know if you...
0	need something to do tomorrow? why not celebrate pride with us by attending the pride parade. start time is 1pm...
0	make plans to come join us at the pride parade tomorrow starting 13h! capitalpride ottawapride ottawa
0	we all deserve love and happiness. it was lots of fun to attend the 30th annual pride parade today dylanblackradio
0	a fine afternoon photographing the pride parade on saturday afternoon. behappy prideglasgow pride2015
0	chairmanblaow sure? magneto mckellen is leading out the pride parade in town on saturday
0	remember that the pride parade is on tomorrow in manchester! if you're thinking of going to town, there'll be...
0	good luck to the pride parade tomorrow it the big city .
0	havenfusky 's party was so friggin fun and amazing, thank you for hosting, it was soooo much fun again, now the pride parade tomorrow!! &lt;3
0	pleased to welcome the lgbt community to the capital city for the 26th annual pride parade in downtown lansing...
0	we're having a sausage party at 1412 e.6th st from 9pm-2:30ish. stop by after the pride parade
0	a pleasure and honour to march with stonewalluk at the pride parade in manchester yesterday! manchesterpride2015
0	this friday is the deadline to get your applications in for the pride parade! you can email them to...
0	pride parade this sunday -- looks like it's going to be huge!
0	watch brian burke right now globalcalgary .... he's the parade marshall at the pride parade this sunday....
0	my tartan will have to take a rest this year, i'm part of the broadcast crew for the pride parade on sunday!!
0	are you joining us for the pride parade on sun sept 6? starts at noon!
0	brian burke will serve as grand marshal of the calgary pride parade on sunday.
0	sportsnet 960 the fan is a fan of the pride parade and we are so excited for it to get going. grab a seat on 9th...
0	can it just be sunday so i can go to burlington's pride parade?
0	i know it's not thursday but it's magnum ta and ric flair... cmon
0	ric flair is also telling friends he may replace hogan on toughenough
0	i said, "whoo!" like ric flair, and i'm off on wednesday, so it's finna be a turntuptuesday whoo!
0	hmmm. so it may not be ric flair after all. someone else will be the new judge. is it stone cold steve austin? :o
0	i would like to see docs on british bulldog, ric flair's 16 title wins &amp; the royal rumble match. documentthiswwe
0	i guess we will be doing lots of bear crawling in the a.m. they will sleep better and early tomorrow night at fca camp! wooo ric flair
0	my 1st live event intercontinental champion "rowdy"roddy piper tagged with hogan against sid justice &amp; ric flair. riproddypiper
0	i only saw hot rod live once, when he fought ric flair at this tuesday in texas. it's not on the ppv. it was just for us.
0	when it's ric flair, i may take a week off of work...
0	mom2teebee ok, then i probably watched that one too. i remember ric flair. i loved the monday night wars.
0	roddy pipers funeral was held tuesday. some of the most notable names that attended included ric flair, triple h,...
0	triple h was never ric flair's bitch, but sunday cena will make rollins his. wow raw
0	"hhh was never ric flair's bitch, sunday i'm going to make you mine"
0	"triple h was never ric flair's bitch. this sunday im'ma make you mine!" phenomenal promo by cena. -matt
0	triple h was never ric flair's bitch... this sunday? i'm guna make you mine! johncena 2 wwerollins ;) summerslam badass wweuniverse
0	"triple h was never ric flair's bitch...this sunday i'm gonna make you mine!!!" - john cena raw titlefortitle johncena truth
0	"tripleh was never ric flair's bitch. but this sunday, i'll make you mine." -john cena beautifulwords cenation
0	best john cena mic speech ever! "hhh was never ric flair's bitch; this sunday i'm a make u mine!" that was badass! titlefortitle
0	*whispers* ric flair is at least a seventeen time world champion. john cena won't tie him if he wins on sunday.
0	"he may be aiming for ric flair, but comes off more like billy gunn" ~ anonymous wwe veteran in pwi about dolph ziggler. wow.
0	john cena - wwe universe tripple h was never ric flair's bitch.... this sun i will make u mine hehehehe cant wait for summerslam
0	who so ever hate you doesn't matter.i know that you will be the 16th time champ. and hope you will break ric flair's record.nevergiveup
0	ouij my mother baby sat ric flair. woo my brush with fame.
0	triple h was never ric flair's bitch this sunday....... i m gonna make you mine john_cena
0	stone cold steve austin &amp; wooooo ric flair is sat next to wwesuperman right now here in the hotel bar. flyinghigh. wwe summerslam week!
0	wwe ready to see johncena win the championship for the 16th time. tying the legend ric flair
0	tonight's episode of monday night raw was lit af, the dudley boys,ric flair, and sting!! like yo wth!
0	sting, ric flair, &amp; the dudley boyz. thank you mon night raw
0	great monday night raw episode tonight stings, ric flair, and the dudley boyz all return can't wait for the next ppv wweraw wwe
0	i honestly think i'm still marking out from last night's raw... 1st the dudley boyz... then ric flair... and then sting!! :d wwe
0	charlotte the daughter of ric flair called the four horsemen the best group in wwe history... raw
0	he needs to walk tomorrow, flip the bat and begin strutting like ric flair
0	odd because cena and nikki were seen laughing with ric flair saturday or sunday.
0	ric flair is going to be at sidebar on friday. i must go.
0	i hope that when ronfunches wins midnight for the 16th time, ric flair comes out to congratulate him. unless jon stewart interferes.
0	ric flair, the nature boy at the steel city con, december 5th and 6th!!! i will not be talking to any of you...
0	i just took a coach freeze clip out of the new headtoheadradio intro, to make room for ric flair. i love my job. new intro debuts tomorrow!
0	laurencewholmes what do you mean, laurence? the dudleys, ric flair, and sting were on raw monday. taker wrestled sunday. it is the 90s.
0	if mscharlottewwe defeats nikki bella at nightofchampions, it should be similar to how ric flair beat dusty rhodes to win his 1st title
0	22 years ago i saw ric flair wrestle at age 3, in the very building i'll see mscharlottewwe wrestle in tomorrow night. mindblowing!!
0	we are underway in iowa for saturday night anarchy! managed by the new general manager of anarchy ric flair!
0	personally, i like rick perry and appreciate what he did for texas. but as president...dunno. he may start a war by mispronouncing something
0	rick perry succeeded with 12th largest economy in the world texas he will be a successful president for all american
0	good for the des moines register and good for rick perry. he will make you all proud.
0	better take another look at rick perry. best record in the 12th largest world economy. aaa rating.
0	i hear rick perry is gleefully almost beside himself with joy today, as the 1st fully formed human brain nears completion. upgrade
0	rick perry has a great record of solving problems in the 12th largest economy worldwide. others have plans only
0	the man with working solutions for america! rick perry speaks at the national press club - july 2, 2015 via youtube
0	rick perry is amazing. his speech was the best hands down. perry2016
0	lol. i am quit sure that isn't the future 4 rick perry. he is the 1 that will give us back what we lost. we need him
0	mark your calendar! august 28 - 8 am come out and meet gov. rick perry! dawnbusters with lexington gop...
0	rt: u can't keep him down.. rick perry may not have the most money, but has the most active grass roots..
0	former gov. rick perry said wednesday financial woes won't be the death knell for his second bid for the white house:
0	rbpundit i really like rick perry,but rubio is my strong 2nd choice,where can i read about his immigration policy?
0	nathan, i'm still interested in working for you if a position is available. i know rick perry is our best choice.
0	obama gets iran victory, tabor gets another black eye, &amp; rick perry prepares for the end. copolitics copols coleg
0	in 14 years gov. rick perry's conservative principles madetx the 12th largest global economy
0	if rick perry does not win the election, he has lost nothing as he is a strong family man, and a true christian.
0	contrary to what you may have heard in the media, rick perry has a loyal, dedicated team that is committed to...
0	14yrs rick perry ran the 12th largest economy in the world,left with 18bil surplus 27mill people &amp; created all of the job growth in america!
0	"denali, the great one soaring under the midnight sun". sarah palin sunday july 26, 2009 3pm farewell speech.
0	morningmika your morning show is the one thing on any nbc outlet that is worth watching. may god always bless sarah palin and her family!
0	sarah palin jaketapper good talking with you today from last frontier! tune into cnnsotu to hear our conversation sunday 9 am12 pm east
0	.marklevinshow's friday first hour focused on the scotus unconstitutional redefinition of marriage, and the case of kimdavis. excellent!
0	a10jim ninaland woodhullsfa and that's why scotus has the last word on what laws states may enact and enforce. hence "supreme court."
0	chrisbraly scotus never made law they interpreted it. 14th a guarantees equal rights for all americans
0	judgealexferrer i may have missed it if u posted it but what's ur take on kimdavis situation &amp; govmikehuckabee claims about scotus ruling
0	jakethehater brandonsprague thedirtjohnson tayloradanforth seinfeld when kramer is lost and confused, "i'm on the corner of 1st and 1st?
0	dawson_egan you wanna watch the big bang theory tomorrow? its on tbs after seinfeld. should be good!
0	seinfeld may have not known it at the time. but he made the last sitcom that mattered.
0	let it be know that judecomputer enjoys seinfeld. i may have had to force her to watch episodes, but she has chosen to enjoy them.
0	seinfeld may be one of the best shows of all time.
0	someone come and see seinfeld with me in november!!!!!!
0	impromptu day off tomorrow for an extra long weekend, so i'm treating myself to a pedicure and feeling like i'm in a seinfeld episode.
0	motiontostrike new yorkers *get* seinfeld and the humor and setting in the same way that texans understand friday night lights
0	seinfeld fans get a winner at delmar as 2 little jerry wins a thriller in the 7th!
0	nothing like a rainy sunday with coffee, seinfeld reruns and the right amount of laziness.
0	the editor of 43 episodes of seinfeld was named "skip collector?" that may be the best name in all of editing.
0	thursday night must-see tv hasn't been this comical since the friends &amp; seinfeld one-two punch. gopdebate
0	happy 60th birthday actor wayne knight / in seinfeld and third rock from the sun, you may sight.
0	happy 60th birthday to wayne knight aka newman on seinfeld!!! in the 90s he also played officer don on 3rd rock...
0	lacielaplante comedy show is on my list of things to do in the near future. seinfeld is near me this monday, but big $$$...
0	nothing like watching episodes of seinfeld on a sunday morning.seen all but the humorous slant is different each time. magic jerryseinfeld
0	just got 4 tickets to see seinfeld next friday. fuck with me.
0	"go back in your shell, go back in your shell!" lmao, dora's dancing might be the new elaine dancing on seinfeld!
0	all i see is the seinfeld logo.
0	rewind wednesday - did you know that there were nintendo and super nintendo games in seinfeld's apartment?
0	keith hernandez on seinfeld was the best appearance by an athlete on any tv show or movie. 2nd is mark mcguire on mad about you.
0	plus i got seinfeld all on dvd plus i killed the math section on the sat
0	tbs playing "the comeback" episode of seinfeld (again). should i bust out the jerk store line in tomorrow night's debate?
0	about to watch about 15 episodes of seinfeld till work is over, fuck 3rd shift
0	lupeo1219 well seinfeld is like the sun of comedies. :p
0	awesome day in central park. looking forward to seinfeld tour and then nxt takeover brooklyn tomorrow nxttakeoverbrooklyn nxtbrooklyn
0	to quote seinfeld's kramer, monday has a feel; wed has a feel, and friday has a feel. here's to feeling the first friday of the school year!
0	kramer is the best character on seinfeld. george close second, newman 3rd.
0	popcorn and seinfeld sounds like the perfect friday night... ithinkimgettingold
0	someone needs to make a video compilation of all the sat vocabulary cosmo kramer spontaneously uses on seinfeld
0	chrisduel sometimes i forget you're 80 years old. reading the sunday paper at 5am...you missed the early bird, seinfeld
0	this may be hard to believe: i am watching seinfeld's "the contest" for the very first time.
0	netflix and hulu stats - seinfeld still killing it;
0	which on its surface may seem counterintuitive, but the marginal utility of seinfeld obviously increases at an increasing rate.
0	love that seinfeld episode in the picture
0	george's stories may be my favorite thing about seinfeld - he is so passionate it's wonderful
0	.zachlowe_nba the blazers have been cemented as my new 2nd-fave team based solely on how much of a seinfeld fan neil olshey is. cartwright
0	won't be live tweeting the vma's tonight despite what you may have guessed. watching seinfeld instead. thank you.
0	"the magic loogie" is one of the cleverest scenes from seinfeld ever. for your tuesday evening pleasure,
0	this may be the greatest thing i've seen in awhile, just because seinfeld is the greatest show
0	seinfeld may be the only thing i care about anymore
0	msldemarco you wanna drink some beers and chat about seinfeld in bristol on tuesday? yeh. sweet.
0	no coffee for you!!! meet larry thomas the soup nazi from seinfeld at city news on sept 19 from 1pm-3pm as he...
0	dsmithscenes will be listening to at work tomorrow. you invoke the name of seinfeld, i expect greatness.
0	get your tickets to see seinfeld he can still make you laugh. he's performing next friday!
0	jacktame given your love of kanye and my love of seinfeld, i think you may dig this.
0	seinfeld's "the contest" may just be one of the best episodes ... andthenthereweretwo
0	kanani_lol what a waste. it even has the last man on earth, seinfeld, south park and monday night raw. hulu is awesome
0	nacho2813 joe_schmucc but he is shirking the gap between him and eddie year by year. no one is catching seinfeld, but he may catch eddie.
0	morganameridius disquietus now back in the day i watched a good bit. friends, seinfeld, 3rd rock, 70s show. but as i got older not much
0	little brother just asked me if i'm down to binge watch seinfeld...there goes my sunday night lolol.
0	thebestmicah hulu you say? this and seinfeld alone may be worth reactivating my subscription
0	sigridellis i may have read that in the way that seinfeld greeted newman.
0	sethhinz haha! seriously, though, it reminds me of the seinfeld character jimmy. "jimmy liked worship this sunday." chsocm
0	seinfeld2000 something has been bugging me lately. what if seinfeld was current day? what if brand new episodes came out every thursday?
0	interested to see what kind of ratings the u.s. open final gets on saturday with serena presumably going for history up against cfb.
0	and with serena's 11th ace she wins the match vs her sister venus
0	history still in the making with serena's win over sister venus! grandslam
0	serena just needs to win two more matches to win the last 5 majors/4 in a single year/last 4 us opens
0	serena reaches her 7th semifinals of the usopen in a row. two more matches to complete the grand slam.
0	serena won, but big sister venus gave her the flux! congrats to both of them for giving us a great tennis match.
0	serena vs. vinci in the us open semis on thursday!
0	jon_wertheim benrothenberg it played out like serena took off the 2nd set. an in form vika might make her pay. might.
0	dem born venus come born serena on top. blessings on blessings on blessings.... may our children always excel and make us proud usopen
0	happy for serena. i want her to win the 22nd gs, tie steffi and win the cygs. usopen usopen
0	i hope every young girl watched the williams sisters tonight. serena may have won but they'll go down as the greatest sibling duo ever!
0	answer: moi. question: who's seeing serena play in the semifinals on thursday?
0	serena be lettin oponents comeback in the 2nd set just to make the media feel better. that good serenavsvenus
0	sisterly love: after beating older sis venus in 3rd set match at usopen, serena says, "she's the best person i know." (cc:alexa_pollock)
0	what's weird is serena and venus are a train ride away right now but i feel like they are goddesses who live on the sun
0	"sportscenter: serena remains on top! the younger williams bts venus in the sisters' 14th gs matchup, 6-2, 1-6, 6-3.
0	i'm man enough to admit that i proudly couldn't handle serena's back shot. babygirl may have the skrongest thigh/a$$ muscles in the world
0	serena won. the cubs are winning in st. louis. i'm enjoying sports lately. too bad the bears play this sunday.
0	go get it serena!!! congrats!
0	serena williams has won her 16th match over venus williams tonight. serena attempts to reach the grand slam with...
0	u.s. open features familiar matchup as serena and venus williams meet for the 27th time realsway
0	in the 27th williams vs. williams match, serena saved her best for last:
0	ok so serena may have won but venus wore hoops to the match and you know how i feel about hoops
0	serena dominated in the end, a tough match for the win!
0	nerdywonka terri_georgia my feeling serena could win 2 straight set, but as a respect2 venus and viewers she let venus 2win 2nd set
0	now that i've calmed down after watching serena.... do you realize how great tomorrow's vika-simona match is gonna be??
0	serena overpowers venus to reach 10th us open sf; azarenka v halep wednesday: serena still has the upper hand ...
0	serena beat her sister venus in the quarter finals.she is 2 matches away to the 4th successive grand slam in a row usopen2015
0	venus was serving and passing better, but she donated some ufes in the 3rd set. serena played the big points better for the win. usopen2015
0	omojuwa serena won her q/final match against venus. she will play unseeded italian roberta vinci in the semis on thursday usopen2015
0	sept 7 (reuters) - factbox on americans serena and venus williams, who will meet in a quarter-final at the u.s. open on tuesday. born: *
0	link- two wins to go for serena: for the 27th time, venus and serena williams stepped onto the court to dazzle...
0	usopen in case you fell asleep serena beats venus in 3 sets,all lopsided djokovic wins 4th set tie-break vs lopez celic in 5 &amp; vinci in 3
0	nytimes bitter /sweet - serena may almost not have wanted to win. but - their father richard always taught them, to do the best they can.
0	couldn't hang on to stay up and watch 3rd set but it was nice to see serena beat venus. what a resilient, tough player venus is, tho.
0	katetscott best moment on air tue.: gr " you look down on me because i don't smoke. ks "yeah" "c'mon gary you and me 420 and watch serena"
0	serena's 1st and 3rd set were gracious, especially when she hit the split and slammed it at the end of the 1st set. sheesh!
0	see win% on 1st serve for serena : get more than the usopen tennis score with ibmsports.
0	900amwurd wurd_srenee thankfully kendokennyl and i will be going to the usopen finals this sat prayerfully to see serena make history
0	going to the u.s. open on thursday so i hope serena wins tonight
0	kendall and gigi were the definition of sporty-chic at the us open: serena and venus williams may be the most ...
0	did u see the aces she had during that 2nd set against serena, venus still got it folksusopen serenawilliams venuseswilliams rogerandjp
0	was wondering about the ratings... maybe a final featuring serena will top this? have to think yes...
0	completely agree dandakich serena tanked the 2nd set to let venus win one and then she turned it up
0	horitafan74 wants to get away. hope and rafe at the station about serena's murder. hope gets flowers, and it's from aiden. 6th time!
0	yesterday venus and serena williams faced off for the 5th time in the us open quarter finals. here's what serena...
0	snoop dogg headlines tribal sessions tomorrow and he will be bringing some old school hip hop and summers vibes...
0	i may be in love with snoop dogg
0	is drake man enoff 2 diss snoop dogg?, i bet he will be a dead man by sun down!!!! uncle snoopy takes no shit
0	i'm going to see snoop dogg (aka dj snoopadelic) dj tomorrow at sankeys and that's all that matters
0	i have heard it said that the 2nd g in snoop dogg represents extra gangsterishness, for how else do you explain this particular redundancy?
0	for my high schoolers : tomorrow if you get approached by anyone you don't want to talk to just tell them your ideal hangout with snoop dogg
0	iamashleyb2u i'm serious you talking lyrics and snoop dogg on there and dr dre c'mon
0	martha stewart smoked weed with snoop dogg because dreams come true
0	alisha12287 i live 5 minutes from there. in fact my dads company is a sponsored company for it. i'm seeing snoop dogg there on saturday :)
0	whoop! i'm djing on the same stage as snoop dogg - just not at the same time lol
0	attention....my good buddy ole pal hlee3d is looking for someone to go with him to see snoop dogg tomorrow night...please inquire asap
0	joakim noah may have grown up in france, but he was still a big fan of dr. dre and snoop dogg
0	metsbooth hey keith, i have the same birthday as you, october 20th. we also share birthdays with tom petty, &amp; snoop dogg!
0	okay clarification maybe not snoop dogg's best song but top 5! i was listening to it when i was tweeting so may have been a little bias
0	sandow's kick on the 5th is higher than snoop dogg in amsterdam, and charnley claims it before being rolled over the try line. gldo. 0-12
0	so... snoop dogg is cool and all... but come see thrill collective on the 29th and i promise you won't regret it haha
0	i predict i'll feel like i partied with psy &amp; snoop dogg tomorrow because of fleetwood_smack:
0	snoop dogg was one of the stars to support matt barnes charity football game in la on sunday
0	monday funday: what is the only thing higher than snoop dogg? - nj governor chris christie's pants.
0	wednesday night pong winners receive snoop dogg concert tickets tonight and cash! only at bar down sports bar and...
0	if you're coming to snoop dogg this saturday, please screenshot your receipt. if it's purchased today, you get...
0	and just a fyi, that blank headline spot for dotd sunday is snoop dogg
0	brother ali is the truth! catch him tomorrow at dazed out with atmosphere, snoop dogg, and dilated peoples. dazedout
0	it started when zion turned to me and stated that snoop dogg just may be the smoothest and i concurred
0	ocprodigy his studs were higher than snoop dogg on a friday, and that wasn't the first one of those either. i never said we played well
0	i may or may not have just added snoop dogg on xbox...
0	i honestly just can't wait to go to the fair on wednesday. give me all the wine slushies, strong hearts wings &amp; milkshakes, and snoop dogg
0	hey fb, my brother in this movie with snoop dogg! happy wednesday!! enjoy!!
0	i'm the same height as snoop dogg wowie smoke marijune erry sunday
0	snoop dogg didn't start saying -izzle but he was the first to say something else! find that out and more: monday after labor day from 6-7pm!
0	finally got my hands on dre's new album compton. on my 3rd listen through and all i can think about is how snoop dogg went off!
0	may something in life make you as happy as snoop dogg with two giant bags of weed...
0	snoop dogg may be the funniest human alive
0	snoop dogg aka snoopadelic friday friday only $25 $25 at the new place on tow globe 740 s broadway la . for more...
0	i can't stop thinking about the fact that i'm going to be in the presence of snoop dogg on sunday
0	gas by my house hit $3.39!!!! i'm going to chapel hill on sat. :)
0	with j davlar 11th. main rivals are team poland. hopefully we an make it a successful end to a tough week of training tomorrow.
0	oluoch victor_otti kunjand i just watched it! sridevi's comeback.... u remember her from the 90s?? sun mornings on nta ;)
0	msshelahy i didnt want to just pop up... but yep we have chapel hill next wednesday you should come.. and shes great ill tell her you asked
0	good morning becky ! thursday is going to be fantastic ! swedeng dj4jg grdina paverlayer fsbull revkahjc dickstrash borderfox116
0	one ticket left for the 49ers game tomorrow! don't miss the rematch of the nfc championship game against the ny giants! hit me up!
0	never start working on your dreams and goals tomorrow......tomorrow never comes....if it means anything to u, act now! getafterit
0	theffaddict i had vick and flacco, needed an upgrade. vick may get benched, jennings a back up again soon. i thought it was a win for me.
0	looks like andy the android may have had a little too much fun yesterday.
0	apgphoto oooh nice .. tis tempting to go up the lakes with my nikon ... hmmmm i may do that ..
0	good morning thursday. "life is fragile. we're not guaranteed a tomorrow so give it everything you've got." - tim cook [do it for jobs!]
0	twitition mcfly come back to argentina but this time we want to come to mar del plata!!!
0	taylor swift is coming with ed sheeran june 29th? most perf news i've heard all night.
0	the great noel gallagher is about to hit the stage in st. paul. plenty of room here so we're 4th row center. plenty of room. pretty fired up
0	jbmclendon and the same station that will air new episodes of cougar town in january! tbsveryfunny has been good to us, jordan. pennycan
0	i think i may have a heart attack for jason wu's new collection. so charlotte rampling in the night
0	amazing concert tonight with jim white and the tcu jazz ensemble/faculty jazz combo! don't miss tomorrow night...
0	capello says time for russia to win big match: russia manager fabio capello on thursday said that he intended to...
0	kick-off your weekend with service! ev!'s get on the bus trip to the boys &amp; girls club is friday from 3-6! hope to see you there :)
0	nater0driguez lmfao alright u got me there. good job parker and the spurs, see y'all jan 9th. if i get an extra ticket to that game ur goin
0	grammys concert pays moving tribute to whitney houston: whitney houston was given a final sendoff by the grammys on thursday as halle...
0	drew peterson is untouchable no more! check out these movie photos before you watch on sun at 7/6c:
0	pumped to open the season tomorrow night against georgetown! women's preview: | men's preview:
0	saeed: nowplaying: bep, ricky martin and kt tunstall! great songs to get you through your sunday! hate the rain!!
0	omg. ricky martin may be gay but he is one fine ass gay man.
0	hope_forhippies hell yea lmfaoo , &amp; see you tomorrow asia baby (;
0	nowplaying michael jackson - she's out of my life (live at wembley july 16. l.o.v.e it! mjtunes
0	reditlhabi stevenb7777 october people have principles..&amp; argue passionately for them, about them &amp; act on them. ghandi, sadat, adt, me!
0	i'm in the bathroom bumping "niggas in paris" crunk ass hell like it's my 1st time hearing it this song will never get old lol
0	4th album out red, 20millionswifties, 6 grammy awards, 10 amas, 13 bmi awards! reigning entertainer of the year acm! 6yearstaylorswift
0	it's midnight on the east coast which means its nickjonas birthday! happy 20th birthday nick j!!!!!!!!!! &lt;333
0	we are here nbcofchicago for our 12th anniversary celebration. you still have time to make it - 6620 s. king dr
0	love how i skipped every category of the nta's besides the soaps. couldn't give half a fuck if everything else went off the air tomorrow.
0	ariaclemente wow! you're also a percy jackson fan! :-) the 4th book of heroes of olympus will be entitled "house of hades" camphalfblood
0	black history fact: marsalis is the 1st and only artist to win both classical and jazz grammy awards in one year, and to repeat the next yr
0	watching david letterman with no audience but playing like they are still there is the 2nd most brilliant thing i've seen tonight.
0	guys, the marijuana law in colorado, oregon, and washington can pass this tuesday. highhopes
0	breezin' won the best pop instrumental performance at the 19th grammy awards
0	text from my dad: "you like charles dickens" 1) obvs looking at my amazon wish list (too late for sunday) 2) why th surprise?!
0	looper was amazing!!! now to the theatre to see simon callow's 'the mystery of charles dickens' ...loving my wednesday off work :-)
0	wish maddie luck next saturday, she has a solo audition for britain's got talent! :) ~ ellie xxxxx
0	mizzou commemorates its win over kentucky with a t-shirt. no, really. | dr. saturday - yahoo! sports fb
0	happy valentine's day!!! maziing: everyday is the 14th!
0	just watched the campaign with will ferrell and zack galafianakis... good fun for a wednesday. hilarious
0	han mon dieu le remix de i am the best dans dream high 2, je meurs xddd
0	i will be participating in a google+ hangout with theeconomist tomorrow! i'm super excited! check it out:
0	aww love you austin rivers and happy to see you get start in 1st nba game...but it's against my boys, lets go spurs! spurs nba
0	teamstradley mines personal thinking tebow is better then flacco. i don't care how bad he played sunday
0	oilonwhyte albertaoilfire another center? gagner is a good cheap 2nd line option that we can afford and keep the kids.
0	wish i could make that trip to athens on tuesday icaptainmorgan
0	fabio capello: "from what i've seen these days i can assure you russia are capable of getting a good result vs portugal tomorrow". cantwait
0	_bethanygarland i really wanna go to one of his things! did you watch his new thing on channel 4 last friday? xx
0	remember cupid at convo last year with the bomb candy bar?? if you liked that, you'll love next tuesday's tr
0	heeydems do you know ?they may not but we're so fond of all the countries . uh,happy republic day .
0	shootingrocks cof cof~ someone is going to germany on november 30 ...oh i really envy you :)
0	thank you snow for cancelling classes today. now you may stop snowing, so that i can drive to chapel hill tomorrow. i'd really appreciate it
0	chick in my class said flacco is the best qb in the league. 1- why is a chick talkin football. 2. i cant wait for class tomorrow lol
0	entrepreneur angelinvestor pitch in on the new birthday party / super bowl sunday treat
0	think i might go see flight tomorrow just because denzel washington ..
0	yvette_elena :) most def, i think when you come tomorrow the boys will be here.
0	the woman in black - the legendary ghost thriller, touring to dubai and abu dhabi in november &amp; december. more...
0	"amianatyransky: frankie: i think i'm gonna have a date with my bed tomorrow me: same." that's my boy
0	pray for mohamed morsi the new president of egypt that he may continue to be a leader for freedom and peace.
0	shout out to my boy jshapmma who fights tomorrow night on the las vegas rfa card. he's put in the work so i don't need to wish him luck.
0	happy halloween!! starting this wicked wednesday off listening to pink floyd and leonard cohen. get to take my boys out tonight! yay!!
0	happy valentines day &lt;3... only if you live in brazil, otherwise its just another irritating monday.
0	real_liam_payne saturday i buy my ticket for the tmhtour in belgium! i'm so happy!!!!
0	this goes way too fast :o its been already a year that i saw avril lavigne in concert &lt;3 october 25 2011, one of the best day of my life :d
0	timocchipinti were going to be at boys and girls club to clean tomorrow at 10am. they told us to bring boots and gloves. all are welcome.
0	david letterman had an interesting show on monday. he is located in new york city. because of the hurricane he...
0	november: my birthday month, election day, a weekend in san fran with adamrgarcia, naples for thanksgiving, lots of friends &amp; family. yes.
0	ap i hope they make sure to take care of eli manning, giants vs pittsburgh on sunday nfl
0	wwe raw should be interesting next week. the road dogg returned to wwe at the royal rumble and shawn michaels is going to be on raw monday
0	"kendrick perkins led the league for the 4th year in a row in spm (scowls per minute)" literally laughed out loud
0	eli manning best 4th quarter qb in the game!
0	me personally don't see grammy playing afl again still 28 but i think he'll turn to something else now. best of luck with what may be next.
0	shit, yeah, it's thursday, russell howards good news and celebrity juice is on
0	pretty good thursday night with juliecbirch! if only rivers would stop sucking so bad! qualcomm stadium
0	"my heart is gold, my twat is glass, c'mon baby can't ya see?" yes..a glass twat..better known as a "womb with a view" ;d lol!
0	i'm so good at gambling. i just owned las vegas. leaving tomorrow morning for a weekend of dog sitting and homework. not a bad week.
0	had a wonderful workshop on thursday at sag office with carol nadell of selective casting. she is such a...
0	going to buffalo wild wings tomorrow with my life long friend israel and my brother.. that's what i call a good night. knicksnation
0	7:15pm tomorrow night i have a date with denzel! flight i can't wait!
0	apple ceo apologizes for error-ridden new map app - apple ceo tim cook apologized friday for the company&amp;039;s erro...
0	new die hard movie coming out feb 14.. looks like bruce willis is going to be my valentines date:o)
0	i liked a youtube video anonymous - remember, remember the 5th of november
0	hello man in pointy, multicoloured, snake skin cowboy boots, a suit and axl rose's hair, you've made my friday heart even happier.
0	me; 'ill bring your birthday card in on friday' kane; 'aw really? it's the thought that counts i'd prefer a tv' twat
0	gotta go see flight tomorrow denzel is the greatest actor ever
0	popshifter youtube just whip it baby, whip it all night (welcome to soul train fandom; may you never leave)
0	no1likeme_nac lol i'll be able to do it saturday.. or friday night after the greek show
0	hahahaha spanish people and nadal's box all smiling after the break in the 5th set hahahahahaha rewatchingaofinal
0	rinithyme he'll be the eli manning of the nba,they r both 2 of the best 4th quarter players in their sports closer killerinstinct splapa
0	if the steelers play as good as they did sunday i say keep the bee uniforms on all the way to the superbowl steelers
0	yo i'm excited for royal rumble might book that monday off work so i can watch it
0	procrastinating. i need to get ready for the 6th district chicago police rally against violence. chi-town cheer will be performing. king dr.
0	nickjonas happy 20th birthday nick j! hope it's one of the best! you've accomplished so much already... and so much more to come. love you!
0	factsaboutme when i was born. on that day , it was the 2nd day of chinese new year. immediately , i gotten lots of redpacket :d
0	i'll be doing the senior bowl fun run with my niece next saturday
0	i hope i can get a ticket to the 1d concert in belgium!!!you can't order them till saturday!pfff...:s
0	egypt's morsi gets red carpet welcome in iran: tehran, aug 29: egypt's mohamed morsi is in iran for the first visit...
0	ground hog day is such a good film, sunday is for food and films sunday
0	if seattle and portland were knit together and covered by the california sun, you'd have san fran. kinda love it.
0	alliejayhey i hope all your loved ones back in maryland are okay! i didn't see you, wednesday. :)
0	lady boner from channing tatum in the vow right now and the fact that i get mcdonald's breakfast tomorrow with megnoel5250 winning
0	bryn2renner forget about dook now we own that series anyways! let's "beat state" this saturday as we continue on to a succesful season.
0	long drive too kentucky tomorrow hopefully gonna get the big buck we caught on cam, at least we got chasericemusic playing in the chevy! &lt;3
0	looking forward to seeing the illegal eagles at dorking tomorrow night with lin &amp; amigo. best eagles tribute band around. illegaleagles
0	christoferdrew happy valentine's day my love.. november is coming &lt;3
0	pakistan approves liberalised visa accord with india - islamabad, nov 1 (ians) pakistan has approved a liberalised v...
0	going to the grammys first entertainment law breakfast here in nyc tomorrow! i'm so excited. one step closer...
0	strombo happy thursday! enjoyed the show so much last night watched 4x. thankyoutimeshifting!! have a great day my greek!
0	loved the hair style from friday's jason wu nyfw show? we're giving you the step-by-step to recreate the look
0	noheroeshere glad you do. i think he may even be the next spurs player to leave for a really big club. before bale possibly.
0	just landed in las vegas!!! so excited to start canvassing for obama tomorrow with schuy_g and kimbemo! :) getoutthevote
0	dad: what are you going to do in athens tomorrow? me: nothing. dad: oh. ok. have fun. i like my father.
0	sophietump results live at 10pm on channel 4. if you have 4 music its on there from 9.45. lets get tanked up tomorrow either way!
0	asia stocks mostly up on us, china data: asian stock markets advanced friday as a batch of upbeat economic data from the u.s. and chi...
0	celebrate the chinese new year in shanghai (around february) and see a dragon dance during the spring festival! amazing experience!
0	roanmair you beat them 5-1 in the san siro but terry henrys 3rd goal is world class. nevermindpires!
0	thementalistcbs can't wait for the new series, starts on sunday over here in britain, redjohn
0	published a new blog entry november 18 - "otherwise known as sheila the great" in art in the county.
0	dr. mohamed morsi announced as egypt's first elected president after the glorious 25th of jan revolution. congratulations
0	northern lights sale on thursday; great pedigrees all the way through the catalogue! genomics the full packages! view catalogue online!
0	billy cundiff may be leaving washington. hopefully he won't miss the door on the way out.
0	i think bowen and cofield will be better in 2nd yr, and hope jenkins will be as good as he look last preseason, but those are unhatched eggs
0	discoveryuk halloween good .. and who is the 3rd? valentine's day? or ?
0	russell howard, then cuckoo, then celebrity juice, then family guy, thursday night is the best night for comedy
0	hey kcrw members, did you miss your shot at leonard cohen tix this morning on mbekcrw? anne_litt will have more for you on sunday!
0	i wish i was out md i wanna bear on negros shit is fun , going out sunday to ross snighter sunday finna pop off on twl
0	first tweet ever, loving san diego! busy day like always and ready for ufc on fuel tv tomorrow.
0	t_ina_82 looks gorgeous! i'm going to try it out tomorrow. do you have a base colour or just two coats of northern lights in the picture?
0	&lt;--- new icon. i may just be changing icons a lot as long as jennette uploads pics cause she is just too beautiful
0	dr. mohammed morsi announced as egypt's first elected president after the glorious 25th of jan revolution....
0	benthepcguy only you can answer before i try! there's on wp8 a way to call 3rd p. apps? like intents on android. i wanna switch to wp!
0	dr. mohamed morsi announced as egypt's 1st elected president after the glorious 25th of jan revolution. congratulations to egypt!
0	feels like super bowl sunday waiting for the big tnf game tonight! what's everyone doing for kc v sd?!? cantcontainexcitement
0	nebraska placed a nation-leading nine players on the first-ever senior bowl watch list released saturday...
0	ian_walters_89 in london for boro match saturday... let me know what night you're out... friday may suit me better like if optional
0	playing garbage all day to prep for tomorrow's concert at fort canning. go, baby, go go!
0	fabio capello: "from what i've seen these days i can assure you russia are capable of getting a good result vs portugal tomorrow".
0	photo: fab find! jason wu satin scarlet clutch at off 5th! whoop whoop! (taken with instagram)
0	"success saturday"- having a great time at the 4th annual girlfriend group celebration! cheryl wood chere cofield vanessa maddox
0	sag for life: stacey, april, gabriel irieapril mrandmrscheek happy wedding day gabe! north star ballroom
0	the best thing about walking dead returning is it means spartacus will be back soon too! (dammit, starz site says january)
0	thanks to jesus, cvs, my mom &amp; my mary...i was able to kick this flu in 1 week! now to make it w/out my maryjane until monday! struggles
0	wayierotoroway ahah he's a year older then me, the cool thin is that he's born on australia day and i'm born on the 4th of july i think
0	923nowfm jenniferhudson just saw jennifer hudson on 26th street she looks great!! super skinny
0	recap. i saw bad 25 on tuesday. the spike lee documentary on michael jackson. it was beyond amazing. &amp;&amp; it was only showing for 6 days.
0	harry styles rocking lyle and scott. he may only be 10...but be honest, you wish you had his life.. lyle_and_scott
0	february 13th, the day before and best buddy to valentines day, desperation day
0	tickets for the france, belgium, netherlands, germany, denmark, norway, and sweden tmh tour go on sale tomorrow! good luck! :) via 1dscoop
0	sushis + rafa on the tv = best way to end this sunday. vamos :-)
0	kpop: will psy be the first korean to win a grammy?: psy may qualify for the upcoming grammy awards. gangnam sty...
0	sticks and stones may break my bones, but rugby does it better!
0	butt3r i'm with you on mass effect 3. thats goty for me so far. still waiting on my other two, but one may be persona 4 arena.
0	rosiepierri my husband company is bring you all some much needed gas!!! he should be there sometime tomorrow afternoon from fl.
0	if your in indianapolis tomorrow swing by the macy's at castelton mall from 5:30-7:30. i'll be there signing autographs and pictures!
0	yay~ payday today, and i'll be in austin tomorrow nite to see leonard cohen!!! i gotsa four~day weekend on my hands!! happy fukn halloween!!
0	long princeton (and diggy) imagine : happy valentine's day (yn)... february 14 it's been 9 m via nounouche10
0	hey daryl! great connecting at anti fracking colorado. excited to have you in next issue. deadline is nov 15th. dhlovelife
0	i am happy to be single but i would love to receive a valentines card on the 14th. it has to be from someone amazing- justinbieber for eg!
0	thanks to everyone who came out friday night to see us with threat signal at dickens! awesome night!!!
0	nery_lr cool this is cool i managed to get the cts sun in the pic and black stars for avril now for lawson
0	frankiegavin1 out with the old, in with the new, shown good discipline in the 1st 4 rounds tonight frankie, kept a cool head! andthenew
0	can't believe alesso is only 2 days older than me! can't wait to see him again tomorrow with davidguetta at fort canning, singapore!!
0	we're excited for trunk or treat tomorrow (nov 2) night at the boys and girls club in pottstown. it will start at...
0	lilyeliza1 bruce willis, bill murray and ed norton all in the same film. i may faint.
0	i've seen every denzel washington movie and flight has itsjustinmartin in it too ! i miss that kid ! but i'm in that theatre tomorrow !
0	hey guys tomorrow is now national ground hog day, i hope to see you all post about it!! hahahaha
0	blondiemua hahaha!! i do look good with a greek child! i'm home tomorrow morning so i'll try skyping you xx
0	good to see flacco showing some fight in the 2nd half. that's about all i can ask for at this point.
0	halloween is the third biggest party day of the year behind new year's eve and super bowl sunday
0	i'll stop loving jennette on the 31st feb. february has only 28 days so it doesn't count. &lt;3
0	awesome wedding shoot in amsterdam today, excited fot the next one on saturday in a castle in utrecht... previews coming soon....
0	mitch daniels gave stephen colbert a purdue hat on thursday's show... i hope he burns it in a raging flame of glory
0	maherzain: dr mohamed morsi announced as egypt's 1st elected president after the glorious 25th of jan revolution. congratulations to egypt
0	piss easy job analysing on motd2. they just repeat what gary neville says on super sunday.
0	going to finish watching the vow tomorrow , its such a cute movie c:
0	bad girls club: mexico...is so official now meaning most of the girls going off on each other. i can't wait until monday. |d
0	proper buzzing to watch the vow with _courtssx tomorrow;)
0	noel gallagher's hfb and kopparberg make for a damn near perfect saturday evening. it could only be 100% perfect if i was at a noel gig.
0	tomorrow our opportunity to love continues the boys &amp; girls club (123 jefferson). meet us there at 10am, w/ boots and gloves if possible.
0	having to read charles dickens for homework may be the greatest thing ever
0	tenariio lol actually i live in georgia moving to germany in march i miss you tooooooo
0	edwardsali32 oh yes, never a dull moment!! looking forward to just rafa &amp; bronte tomorrow! nice to be busy though! hope boys ok!
0	nickjonas may your day be full of joy and happiness! happy birthday nick j :)
0	reaganpitt movie day and some of grammy's hot chocolate tomorrow... pleaseohplease
0	thelawry i'm a nikon guy, but interested in what you have to say tomorrow...
0	watching the 2nd punisher. wish they'd make another one with quentin tarentino directing and thomas jane as castle
0	that movie flight with denzel looks really good! may have to go check it out
0	and then on tuesday &amp; wednesday its champions league match day 4 i think?? or it might be 5..im not sure wooooo hooooo
0	50shadesofdreyy leggo watch breaking dawn on the 17th after the fair! :)
0	just did spartacus 2.0 and sauna...imma be sore tomorrow but so worth it
0	raysgameday twilight zone inning? ground hog day inning. may go on 4ever. . . . just keeping hittin' him rays!
0	cannot wait to play san fran on sunday. if we can beat them at home for the nfc championship we can beat them now.
0	shinybiscuit ingredientsrec was cult viewing from my 6th form days with vic's big night out. channel 4 had all comedy/sport bases covered!
0	i need a nice can because i want to play penny can on saturday. this is a real problem. cougar town just made me love this game. haha.
0	incredible pass from vick to kyle williams. williams out jumps carr in the end zone, 21-0 in 2nd.
0	theellenshow congratulations on you celebrating british kid singers sophia grace's and rosie's 1st anniversary of a visit of your show. how
0	tomorrow... i'm on the air live at 9:05 on wjct radio. then on tv taping for good morning jacksonville at 10:30. excitingtimes
0	waiting for the highlight of my thursday night celebrity juice nolife
0	northern lights sale tomorrow following the wexham cup bull sale; sale of elite female holstein &amp; jerseys! a real treat of a sale! no trick!
0	hi, memi! thanks for agreeing to lead at sag! would you be available for a sun., any sun, in dec rather than nov 4th? i just learned ...
0	so ready to be done with classes tomorrow and head to chapel hill to support my favorite wuwbb ladies brooklyntheboss &amp; allthatjazz_21!
0	this sunday, come watch the ravens take on the browns, and help support the baltimore humane society! captain...
0	cherielulu74 oh it was a good cry. she's a blake fan &amp; was so happy taylor didn't win for the 3rd year in a row.
0	my mom works with the mother of the girl that won homecoming queen at phs last friday and the company just sent out the sweetest email.
0	how badly i miss andy carroll. knowing that the derby game is tomorrow, he always played very well and scored against blue noses.
0	alexisnews you should attend wftda champs this fri/sat/sun: top 12 roller derby teams in the world, we play indianapolis 8pm friday!!!
0	premier league: west ham v man city on saturday. our preview looks at the stats &amp; has some interesting betting tips:
0	cocozzahq i preordered it on thursday/friday at midnight the night it came able to pre-order, love you and frankie. x
0	ririspice19 givemethat_beca white_choc0lat3 stephy_t073 onthenikdrum go boro!may the force be with you from the 1st second to the last!
0	heffrondrive congratulations kendall in germany it is 7 clock friday november 2, so happy b-day
0	tomorrow is going to be a fun-filled day of emailing people on how and what to do so i can come back to murray in the spring. stressful
0	so proud of wakemenssoccer for the huge upset against maryland. time for us to do the same tomorrow night godeacs
0	rugby is a great winter sport for gaa ladies looking to keep up there fitness. come along friday to kilkenny rfc at 7 to try it out
0	i just remembered 'niggas in paris' is a song. delighted! what a saturday! positivetroll
0	an emotionally intelligent organisation through mindfulness? find out how with getsiyli in san fran in dec pls rt!
0	takbir!! dr. mohamed morsi announced as egypt's 1st elected president after the glorious 25th of jan revolution. congratulations to egypt!
0	betstylelounge this saturday dtlr will be turnt to the max! come see me and djpharris rock out! 35th and king dr!!
0	man utd v arsenal on sat sees the best defence (afc) in the league (conceded 0.67 p/game) against the best attack (utd) (scored 2.67 p/game)
0	watching sunday's "harry and paul". good it is too. well-observed and fearsomely dry.
0	was thinking of harry redknapp for the blackburnrovers job for the past few days now. would be an absolute coup! c'mon shebby!
0	many rumours floating about that harry redknapp may be interested in the blackburn job? what do you all think?
0	happy valentine's day (to you that may have one)
0	great seeing u. i'm host of google+ hangout romneyrally wednesday of u want invite let me know lynndebate teachpr
0	loved the hair style from friday's jason wu new york fashion week show? we're giving you the step-by-step to...
0	went to see 'the mystery of charles dickens' at the playhouse theatre, west end last thursday starring simon callow. it's a must see!
0	oh yay! my mom just told me that my grammy is coming tomorrow!!!! woot woot! loveher
0	this may be a little forward.... - secret-country: but can you imagine the sex miranda lambert &amp; blake...
0	safe and sound at narita airport! feels good to be back at the land of rising sun
0	it's so early here in germany, my american friends are just now getting drunk. off to prague, knuckleheads! talk to you on sunday! czechrep
0	nickiminaj cant wait for you to come to dublin on monday so excited to see you:-) &lt;3
0	danicook8 ah okay was hoping to see you out friday! next time i'm staying at harry's we should meet up in kingston! xx
0	arianacurdles lol you mean pronounce it? idk either..hmm...i like to say it like 'hair-may' or 'hair-mess' lmfao idk okay. xd
0	apple ceo apologizes for error-ridden new map app (+video): apple ceo tim cook apologized friday for the company...
0	congrats to dj's 3rd grade team going to the superbowl! i'll be there cheering.
0	janineturner yes thank you janine!! i saw kelsey grammer wed night at sag but didn't talk politics there. let's take hollywood back!
0	big game for miamiheat tomorrow, away vs the knicks at msg. personally think knicks will win... first game, msg crowd, sandy disaster...
0	goodnight! big day! tomorrow i'm at the school to 3:00 (argentina time) because i stay to the mallin! (tomorrow i'll tell you what is that)!
0	today is national kissing day coz it's no work day tomorrow!!!
0	this time tomorrow night ill be partying it up in chapel hill :) cantwait
0	thomaserdbrink if obama wins i am quite sure one of his 1st major foreign policy hits would be successful resumption of talks with tehran.
0	awesome response guys! the correct answer is: sam gagner and brendan smith. all of you will be put into the draw this coming thursday! jt
0	wardchanning hey channing tony provias from aberdeen hope you get a sack on murray this sat!!!
0	ama_la_lettura would you be up for full day of movies at mine on thursday? :p so far tarzan and the notebook is on the list xd
0	rivers to gates, for only the 3rd time this season. keep it up chiefs, fantasy teams need you
0	rlbrown3 better suit up at the senior bowl friday night.
0	egypt&amp;039;s president mohamed morsi on monday pardoned all those arrested between the start of the revolution t ...
0	kurt convey wins the boys race in 16:01 with nick diaz coming in 2nd around 16:10. rounding out the top 3 was kenny castro.
0	fyi - the ridiculously adorable ladybug larry bird gives his 1st piece of candy to is our producer/ director chris koch's gorgeous daughter!
0	enjoyed the flotus today in fl! michelleobama u r brilliant...simply put! glad i voted saturday obama2012 duval
0	tonight's never mind the buzzcocks has the hilarious noel fielding again :) can't wait to download it tomorrow
0	cant wait to see "flight" on saturday, denzel is one of the best actors in the world alongside leo and de niro
0	now y'all know all that halloween candy is gonna be on clearance tomorrow...you can save it for valentine's day :)
0	semiprojoe sarawoof looks like it's coming on valentine's day. i liked the 4th, i think 5 will be just as good. he's in russia this time.
0	going to the georgetown game on friday! imwearingblue istillloveeastview
0	sophia grace and rosie: we know one of your songs!! the sun comes down na na na na tomthewanted
0	come out and have some laughs with me, spartacus, and max at caroline's comedy club this wednesday october 24th!...
0	my sis won tickets for the jonas brothers concert fort canning on monday....
0	february 12th is a nice time to release it. its the week of the grammys too. albums "sell" that week.
0	the landlord from will ferrell.avi via youtube this will cure the monday blues. funny funny shit
0	perfect weather to finish a great week.saw noel fielding's show thursday at the ath. meeting him would have made the week perfect!
0	muse, russellhoward and kylieminogue all on the jonathan ross show tonight = terrif sat night in! well done wossy. toofunny
0	i love the "on time" part=&gt; ew: axl rose shows up on time, gives jimmy kimmel 1st live tv interview in 20 years
0	can't wait to see 'flight' with denzel washington on tomorrow! bam! ;-)
0	tomorrow, the biggest name in music &amp; entertainment is on the show! and no it's not ricky martin. who is it? click -
0	mizzou beats kentucky 2-1! tigers advance to face top-seed florida in the semis on friday at 6:30 p.m.
0	did anyone read the nyt interview with egyptian president mohamed morsi on saturday? good read:
0	watchin step up &lt;3 the 1st one is the best with channing tatum as the main guy &gt;&gt;&gt;
0	just cus it's friday here are 62 reasons why bill murray is awesome
0	creativetimes eleanor, that's cool, it would be great to see your pastel art. ;) link to the painting i did on monday
0	thanks, dave! great show tonight. sorry, craig. i've got to get to bed. i'll catch you tomorrow. late_show david letterman
0	happinessjean jean, tomorrow is free kissing day! :) nothing. just wanna tell you that
0	alexrubens ever since uncharted 3 and mass effect 3, i've been weary of third games. then again this is technically the 5th. can't wait!
0	got a great piece for you history buffs friday morning, a game between schalke &amp; bayern that marked the end of germany's greatest ever side.
0	controversy aside, the 2 games shown on tv for super sunday were great spectacles. bestleagueintheworld
0	applications are due this friday november 2!!! let this video of yes prep senior signing day inspire you as...
0	happy valentines day &lt;3 !!.....yes, in brazil, it is celebrated on june 12. your mind = blown !
0	cried for every episode of dream high 2 starting from episode 13!!! t-t tomorrow i shall watch the last and final episode!
0	1. noel fielding comedy gala tonight :) 2. work all day tomorrow 3. granny smith festival that night
0	can't wait to see how wk 3 of the safe house sermon will be broken down. this sunday is kanye's verse. my pastor keeps it real pastorgeno
0	watching "the woman in black" for the 9th time hahaha
0	had a 'low' moment...then i thought, why? 2wks on tuesday i see noel gallagher up close with the best boy in the world...now i'm smiling :0)
0	i may be a little too optimistic but i think the browns vex themselves of the baltimore curse and beat the ravens. maybe its just me lol
0	lakeshow73 it's out already? thought it was tomorrow? denzel is the best ever. movie looks amazing.
0	hai avrillavigne please hear me :d we want avril's new single maybe just teaser 1st it'll oke for me !
0	there is on thing i have learned from the mlb playoffs, cougar town on a new network. i can't wait till january. poundinggrape pennycan!!!
0	ascolese11 u r a 5-star to the hog fans, va3!!!!! u got props from the coach wednesday night at the signing day event in the ville,wps!
0	happy valentines day? o.o say what? is it feb 14th already?
0	torchlight2 comes out tomorrow. torchlight is in my list of best games of all time. i like it better than diablo iii. 2 promises more.
0	jordanlmcneese kendrick lamar on sunday! i'm going to rub in how good it was...
0	i will consider arsenal to have the potential to win premier league this season if only they beat manchester united tomorrow.
0	caplannfl - another example of a good college player who had a great week at senior bowl to ease concerns about toughs &amp; get into 1st round
0	rehearsing for nov 6 "mlttr0mney: just called jim leyland to congratulate new york giants on their victorious baseball match sfgchamps p2
0	just wrote a great song with mitch daniels! really looking forward to performing it with him on thursday! :)
0	the boys are hot!! streakin big win tonight let's do er again tomorrow! keepitrollin
0	good point he may still be up...he's off to las vegas! sarahsside joelpollak breitbartnews govchristie
0	ollyofficial have you filmed jonathan ross yet??? can't wait to see it on sat! :) xxx
0	come out and support recapo tomorrow at silentnight on 113th and king dr. from 4-8:30pm!!!!!!! be the change you want to see.
0	crixacus ellenhollman stevendeknight keep yr eyes open for incursion. it may not be spartacus, but it's going to be out of this world :-)
0	wordsofcolour we spoke and you didn't mention it..! happy birthday queen! enjoy your earth day..long may your pioneering work continue..x x
0	february 13th "desperation day" the most awesome day of all time true_story
0	[$] black friday best price underwater case for the following olympus evolt digital slr...
0	wdoss_09 cant bud going to kentucky. if you wait till sunday fun day id like to go.
0	to all my friends in turkey may you all stand strong on this 89th republic day! cumhuriyet bayraminiz kutlu olsun !
0	tthomasxoxo 1win from the superbowl! game tomorrow at noon! git r done!
0	applelotte0 absolutely nothing will, they will be best friends forever :') when they won the nta award for the 10th year that has to be....
0	loveadamseyes don't get me wrong i love bruno mars he is amazing but that grammy should have went to adam for best pop vocal. i mean c'mon!
0	joetribe_2012 runner on 2nd no outs, drubes being one of our best hitters should make a productive out. his fault not acta's
0	they are hereee! i'm so envy those who just met them at the klia especially who took pictures w nick j :( tomorrow is my turn!
0	marvramrod were doing great up until the 3rd.. struggling a lot. harden and lin doing very well together. harden w/ 31 pts. so far.
0	i missed the 10th birthday of avril lavigne's sk8er boi! darn, i love that song, especially the part where she rhymes boy with boy. classic
0	dickiev stick to college hoops &amp; pandering to 2nd rate acc teams... dook's opening game is right around the corner, baybeeee!!
0	nolimitcattleco we haven't talked about it yet. however, we are very excited about the jan revolution heifer calf that is inside of her.
0	vaughters and won't take much time. i thought your views may be better presented to cycling world in poland if you say sth more "directly".
0	redsonfire perhaps they want a 3rd choice hahaha! like ben amos at mufc
0	ukbieberday justin is going tea time with sophia grace and rose tomorrow on the ellen show at 4 on really :)
0	stevievanzandt jakeclemons you guys rocked tonight!!! see you in kentucky on saturday!
0	happy new year to those who aren't into "anno domini". shana tovah &amp; all that good jazz! looking forward to the chinese new year in feb.
0	good night out with the boys,party bus down town tomorrow n osu saturday cantwait
0	jordygenevieve hahaha shut up cupid! yeah hopefully it does go good and saturday and every other day!
0	watching the grey with liam neeson. one of my twitter friends recommend. and it's really good. thanks for tuesday night's entertainment.
0	who else is excited to see the boys on startalk tomorrow???
0	the notebook may be one of the greatest movies created of all time&lt;3
0	romney's great line about "trickle down government" was coined by gov. mitch daniels as early as january. mitt uses good sources.
0	tomorrow is the release of the 20th anniversary kniteforce boxset featuring many remixes including mine of super sunday! $92 at the store!
0	the fact that we are going to be sophia grace and rosie at the studio on tuesday makes me soo happy! cristinarotondo accents cuties
0	hello from dublin! tomorrow we're playing at the button factory. onstage at 9, but if you come for toquiwa_jp at 8, you won't regret it!
0	looking for something to do this weekend in cny? here are the best bets: thursday: rapper wiz khalifa will headl...
0	we are live! ufc on fuel tv! 1st fight of the day :)
0	i'll be rooting for penn state tomorrow...even tho they murdered joe pa for something he didn't do! the new coach &amp; kids deserve that
0	happy birthday nick j may you live long and happy :)
0	real_liam_payne saturday, i buy my ticket for the tmhtour in belgium! i'm so happy!
0	4 days until vintagenow. we want to raise a bundle for the safe house for women. support us by attending 0ct 30th.
0	on saturday night making the next hit honored us with a achievement award it felt like we were at the grammys!...
0	the best thing about a thursday night is definitely celebrity juice hilarious
0	14 feb 2011 - "happy valentine's day everybody. i'm going to buy cookies and stuff myself full. -
0	flyin to the bay tomorrow then kickin it in fresno a couple days before going to colorado fuckyes
0	who wants a love like johnny and june? i want a love like blake and miranda. lovethem obsessed
0	ninersfans this sunday...revenge, and a game winning td for kyle williams. we have already destroyed the last 2 teams and we'll keep rollin
0	i love asia, she's the first friend i made down here in 7th grade.
0	noel gallagher tomorrow.. can't wait to see the legend!!!!!
0	i heard that themgeorge is on jonathan ross sat. i'm gearing up for the super pout.
0	kasabian - fast fuse just came on shuffle on my ipod, definitely showing my excitement for russellhoward on tuesday!
0	chasing the northern lights by alan tan. nice article and photo in yest straits times - 30 oct page c9.
0	nice drive chargers. rivers and romo face alot of same criticism from media romo has the 2nd best passer rating in nfl history ignorance
0	this president talking about growing the economy is like billy cundiff explaining to someone how to make a field goal in the 4th quarter.
0	reasons to celebrate: forcing the turnovers: the game sunday between the new york giants and ... nfl nyg giants
0	nickiminaj dublin on monday :d so excited! also my friends birthday she will be at the concert... plzzzz say happy birthday shauna
0	you may think you've tried them all but i'll bet you haven't tried taking on the challenge... stop wasting time...
0	kyle williams has 'good chance' to play sunday for bills: 'dealing with an ankle injury, williams got back to pr...
0	we are excited to announce our next day on the green on sunday january 27th - australia day long weekend! we are...
0	gutted about bellamy and smith but we signed fulham player on loan until december 2nd and seen him on youtube he looks good
0	daniels good-humored on comedy show: indiana gov. mitch daniels was a good sport thursday when he appeared on "t...
0	ben_hatton rumour has it cupid has you on a piece of string ! friday not sure saturday rumours are funky town in gants hill the big v
0	pakistan clears visa accord, india welcomes it - new delhi/islamabad, nov 1 (ians) a day after pakistan's cabinet ap...
0	ashweeboo11 hi! yeah me too ;d and yes, i'm from poland and i'm 16. i'll see new episode in the friday evening. can't wait tomorrow ;3
0	bob_stauffer imo with gagner as you develop depth, 89 would slot nice as a 3rd centre.
0	victor cruz is happy about his contract negotiations with the giants. tuesday on his weekl
0	good luck to my brother from another mother kingsbu in his fight tomorrow at ufcengland on fuel tv here in the states. warkingsbu asu
0	look out for one (singapore)'s booth at fort canning tomorrow as we celebrate the int'l day of peace. kids - and...
0	happy valentine's day, artemis you remembered. come on! what kind of jerk would i be if i forgot valentine's day?for the 5th year in a row?
0	i know it's in january but i cant wait for the royal rumble wwe
0	ocean331b stevestreza if look at nates numbers, it's due to increased chance in oh. good o poll in fl may have helped too.
0	childish_marino lololololololol im a sg on the bucks so im on a good team, but under monta ellis. whats your position? were you picked 3rd?
0	all i want for my 16th birthday are taylor swift tickets. no party, just tickets.
0	mayhemmiller nick diaz is da best! smoke weed every day and drop out of school in 6th grade! fuck yeah!
0	october 17th - november 3rd, don't miss the company of fools performance of the woman in black!!
0	paper finished, cma's over, blake and miranda dominated, accounting hw got pushed to wednesday. going to bed happy :)
0	_joe_ross starting to think it may be acta now, but having a guy like hentgen would be great
0	bj penn, shogun, nick diaz and swick fighting on the same card...should be ppv but its on fox?? dec. 8th cant wait .
0	muse on jonathan ross brilliant. we have some exciting news about muse to announce monday from gotham records
0	" soul train" oct 27 halloween special ft t.dot finest rocking the mic...crazy cactus night club ..adv ticket $10 wt out costume $15...
0	first day filming on dancing on ice tomorrow, should be interesting.
0	materialgirl1 it will be like sunday night in miami, lmfao
0	greysonchance, since you're in asia, good morning! xo can't wait for november 11. :-)
0	tickets selling well for northern lights talk with kielder_obs on thurs 8 nov, 6.30pm central library. to book
0	another awesome tweetup (this time in cebu) with a rafa-tard! great meeting you scorpio1641! thank you! see you, monday. zubuchon on us!!!
0	so apparently tomorrow is national kissing day. i'm gonna eat an entire bag of hershey kisses and call it a day.
0	the dance parties at the boys and girls club are the closest i've been to clubbing. and some of the 4th grade girls can dance better than me
0	thecivilwars just another reminder of my request for you guys to sing kingdom come on thursday... and safe and sound ;)
0	wish fifa would make league results and tables a bit more realistic. man utd in relegation zone after 15 games and aston villa in 2nd.
0	just thinking about couple days i had in august; stone roses one night then kasabian, noel g and the cribs the next. doesn't get much better
0	jlin7 ha.finally i can add you in my circle and come to close to talk with you on 11/6...yeah.1st time to see real jeremy lin..so excited..
0	safe and sound on 57th and 11th...hoping that they clean up sandy quickly for those that were in her path. love you all!
0	buzzing for the game tomorrow, gong to be a great atmosphere and a possible upset is on the cards! bring on aston villa! stfc
0	got a jennifer hudson inspired makeup look coming on monday, excited for the turn out
0	it's now or never, ita now or never! that is why he is the best of his kind. may not play for us but hats off to ray lewis 52 thegreatest
0	have an appointment at the bellamy tomorrow... might be moving in there next semester excited
0	today (july 28th '12) is milk chocolate day. bring it on. milkchocolateday
0	good luck to infinity's iain veitch who competes in the taiwan ironman70.3 on saturday
0	rg is cleared for the vikings game sunday goodmood p.s. thank god we got rid of cuntsniff or is it cundiff?
0	still time to order your halloween treats! deadline: 2pm cst today (with overnight shipping) to arrive tomorrow! ---&gt;
0	gonna meet the cast of spartacus on the 7th! i am too excited!
0	realrominarey way to go. i dropped my ballot marked obama off on wednesday in colorado, gives you a good feeling. i hope co goes obama.
0	everyone talks about eli manning being the best in the 4th qtr. jay cutler has the best qbr rating in 4th qtr in the nfl getsome dabears
0	no14 - den 34; peyton and eli may meet in the super bowl if both denver and the new york giants keep winning like they did sunday
0	scubaselia fancy going to the leonard cohen concert with me n my madre november 9? it should be heavenly
0	good morning my friends, wish you very nice friday with love, peace, art and mutual respect -:)
0	kendrick lamar may arguably have the best hip hop album of the year in my opinion
0	have you picked up your december issue of wdc yet? it includes a full in-depth review of nikon's d600,...
0	looking forward to going to carrow rd tonight. last time we were there, bale scored 2 and we were 3rd. do not want extra time though
0	lukeymoore good luck tomorrow! i did it once. big david james and harry redknapp started the race. they wore bomber jackets...
0	ben amos doing well hull city.another clean sheet v charlton.he says he's enjoying the challenge of playing regular 1st team f'ball. mufc
0	this friday we celebrate/mock the love of avril and chad.
0	like if you're proactive about your health! don't miss this sunday's live google+ hangout about genetic...
0	dear misskahi and ssosso_1004 finally tomorrow dream high 2 will be aired in my country...finally i can see you again^^ miss u alot~~
0	channel 4 30 years old on friday! d'oh showed some great programmes over the years, especially paul hogan.
0	monday night football at ciscos..win a chance at going to hawaii for the pro bowl !!! happy hour all night
0	i played rugby yesterday may have broken my finger but it was definitely worth the pain the game is more fun than i remember
0	every thursday i go to jesse black in casselberry, fl just for these girls
0	i sang an avril lavigne song for the talent show in the 5th grade.. i loved her so much
0	guess which star is the 5th most greatest women in the world and won many grammy awards and is a singer?
0	nadal at the parc des princes this saturday!: big news! rafael nadal accepted the invitation of paris saint-germ...
0	wildcat madness tomorrow! community pep rally! bell game! hope to see you all there!
0	congrats to mizzousoccer as mizzou beats kentucky 2-1! tigers advance to face top-seed florida in the semis on friday at 6:30 pm! mizsec
0	so tomorrow gonna stay for the game with israel yay:d
0	dgenerationx116 ok! i hope jennette visit your city someday and you may have the chance to meet her :d
0	like larry bird in the ole' 3pt contest... tonight at the alfred e. smith dinner romney went 1st and absolutely crushed it. obamafailed
0	hbblanks kaycegilman20 sparks fly by taylor swift may or may not have been in the background. it was moment i'll never forget lol
0	it's november 1 so you know what that means. you'll see valentine's day stuff at walmart soon. celebratetherightholiday
0	janowicz was 221 in january and the win over murray today takes him to 46 - good year! mega potential! 36 if he beats tipsarevic.
0	wow!!! omg today for my 21st birthday i woke up and jennettemccurdy follows me! i knew this day would come! thanks jennette! &lt;3
0	real_liam_payne saturday i buy my ticket for the tmhtour in belgium! i'm so happy! :)
0	dc tomorrow! stoked to see friends at american, georgetown and elsewhere. text me if you are free. fb
0	nikon contest outlaws film images for first time (update monday) - - the rules for the nikon photo contest ...
0	excited to head to florida tomorrow. participating in the tyrf strikeforce to make sure fl goes 4 mittromney. tcot txcot dallasgop
0	cwell2strong4u you sound like will ferrell on old school. " got a big day tomorrow"! soundsexciting classic
0	apparently tomorrow is nation kissing day. ladies, you're more than welcome to stop by.
0	hope everybody enjoyed ben amos at welton on monday? don't forget dwindass10 will be at market weighton this coming monday the 1st
0	spirit friday!fill the halls with school colors and enjoy a dress down day! no pj, yoga pants or flip flops/backless shoes. you are poland!
0	7thingsaboutmybestfriend she is treating me to cookout tomorrow, first thing when i get to jacksonville. scorpio_lovinn
0	anyone wanna go see shedseven at boro on 14th december?? 17.50 each. let me know, i really want to go.
0	halloweenfacts halloween also is recognized as the 3rd biggest party day after new year's and super bowl sunday.
0	matt_law_sm he is one of the 1st names on mancini's team sheet and he was one of the 1st names on capello's team sheet and that says it all
0	met kfreberg via google+ hangout on wednesday! so cool to meet someone that you've actually cited in paper :)
0	another beauty of a day in athens, greece. i trust you'll have an exceptional friday wherever in the world you are. much love.
0	jeremy lin picks up his 4th foul, all he does is turn it over!!!! pistons are hot right now folks!!
0	dr. mohamed morsi announced as egypt's 1st elected president after the glorious 25th of jan revolution. congratulations to egypt
0	"may your life one day be as awesome as you pretend it is on facebook"- will ferrell
0	httr24_7 this may end up being more beneficial to us with cofield playing more naturally at the end spot &amp; baker clogging up the middle.
0	obama is good for israel: tens of millions of americans will go to the polls on tuesday to vote for a president ...
0	republic day in turkey 29 oct fire work awesome
0	redboy21 tbf it is, hodgson currently has the same record as capello and hoddle but a better defensive. this is his 11th game in
0	stefnaaay i'll see you monday :3 fancy coming to a nerd convention in dublin on the 10th? ;d
0	ellevarner can't wait to see you dec 5th, at msg in ny &lt;3
0	"louisvillejoke: december 29th will show all the louisville fans that kentucky is the best"
0	flight starring denzel washington was a good ass movie go see it tomorrow when it comes out
0	first time listing to red: "does this diva think she's avril lavigne?" 2nd - 54th time: can't.stop.listening.
0	i can't wait to here this negros explanation about monday night!!! smh un huh trust issues
0	jerzy boy janowicz over murray! what is going on in paris?! we'll have a new master's 1000 winner. no big 4 past the 3rd round.
0	the duke is loose. duke johnson pounds it in for a 7 yard touchdown. miami leads vtech 27-12 in the 4th.
0	cool!!! there's a criminal minds season 3 marathon on, and tomorrow it's a castle season 3 one.
0	peteabe hold out hope for valentine, he may win manager of the year
0	jennettemccurdy happy thursday jennette from detroits 1 radio station wrom radio have a great weekend ahead we love a follow back from you
0	preseason! basketball! kubball mt darnellmayberry cole aldrich will start in place of kendrick perkins against the rockets tomorrow night.
0	saturday's ufc on fuel tv looks a lot better than the scheduled undercard of ufc 151. no surprise 151 got cancelled.
0	rare, 300kg meteorite discovered in poland, biggest in eastern europe and may provide clues about earth's core:
0	if san antonio continues to play like they did tonight with little help from parker in the 1st half &amp; no ginobili, it'll be a great season!
0	"coryjane1080: all aboard... 1st flight to hong kong then off to the uk from there.. tweet_yah_later" enjoy
0	planetjedward have a great time tomorrow , and maybe can you come to belgium ?! :d xx
0	jtidwell808 lowry's getting $12 mil over 2 years, lin's getting $25 over 3 but $14.8 mil in the 3rd year. i'd say toronto got better value.
0	all ricky martin's fans interested in joining sips, you are welcome to do so. theme mustache 20oct sat tag under sexysoulsinterestingpics
0	thank you to all of our parents&amp; guidance staff for our annual academic signing day on thursday! i'll post photos soon!
0	scorcher fest returns to the duke again for a huge day of live music! this years record 180 acts! sunday 18th...
0	game 3 tomorrow!!! i'm excited in this shit than the coming pro bowl haha
0	jeremy lin was a +23 for rockets in his debut. that's the 2nd-best plus-minus for him in any game in his career.
0	first the superbowl now revel will finally be released on dvd on nov 24th! my day is complete!!!! oh how i love my bey
0	safe and sound at flibs we'll be all over the docks tomorrow!
0	i've just been invited to speak at the world economic forum in davos (davos) this january. thrilled and honored.
0	just watched dream high 2 episode 1, i'll watch it tomorrow for next episode :d ..
0	styleofsam oh, it is, tomorrow is jason wu fashion show!! you would love!
0	chemicaljericho xcescacenax vasso_cenation headshotzombie happy halloween spend it with bruno mars and shenanigans
0	thehawk38 i smell a 2nd pro bowl for my boy! best safety in the league! shout out for that solid legal hit! thehawk4probowl
0	austindb34 i know thats what im saying lol tucker straight outkicked cundiff in camp, i'm glad he's gone. didnt he miss one in the 4th qtr?
0	ben amos doing well hull .another clean sheet. he says he's enjoying the challenge of playing regular 1st team football. mufc
0	thomas_edison doing a show in amsterdam? would love to see you guys play live soon! i might be in amsterdam saturday night
0	sneak peek: check out the 12 freebies you can get at cvs on black friday! link in the first comment:
0	afterwork social 2552 s. king dr. from 4-9 saturday. steppin,food, drinks. 5 days work and sixth day for relaxation.
0	if you haven't seen your good giving guide yet, check it out online. the challenge starts nov 1 - we appreciate your support!...
0	channing tatum may not be that good of an actor but he sure as hell can dance ayyyyye
0	stephenfry cant wait! coming to see you in february from belgium!
0	love that james bond montage at the end of super sunday by sky
0	my friend treesmellsnice is selling tickets for the jonas brothers concert fort canning on monday $50/ticket. that's half price! rt!
0	flergh jiklopdave well aren't you good! happy anniversary. may many owls serenade you with ricky martin songs.
0	a1 live in cebu at the waterfront cebu hotel and casino on november 23 cebufinest
0	ibgdrgn today is our chinese july 7th valentine's day i hope you will soon find you that she wishes you to be happy happy valentine's day
0	smiley_jedi brilliant result!! i think the winnings may go on our phone bill after i'm a celeb or dancing on ice if the rumours are true :(
0	yay!!! we are front page on will ferrell's funny or die for the 24th time! check it out!...
0	higgins "great experience for the young group and to meet with premier league teams a real highlight" "very young squad to play on sat"
0	jennettemccurdy wow look at this another amazing monday "jennette on ellen" in 8 place we do this for you we love you
0	hamdahussein alinaa_z deaaall lets do it on monday and get adalet and jenelle to judge! you might wanna start practising now :)
0	codysio im so excited for when you come to northern lights on the 27th it will probably make my life.
0	wow my last rt. it's only been 4 years since verm's arrival. he's now captain and will make his 100th start for afc on sat. time flies.
0	thefalcoholic why. do you really want the falcons to go to chicago in jan for the nfc championship game. go lions.
0	"birthday cake" is gonna be the song leading us into 4th quarter, count it.
0	ok im off twitter for the night til tomorrow bomb squad enjoy ur night love you much!
0	thinking thursday: your affectionate worship will lead you into effective warfare! ~narda goodson, 2012 narda's nuggets
0	cole__hines wsj carney print ain't dead yet cole, and i'm sure you know there's something special about sunday papers too.
0	bulls season tips off wednesday night vs sacramento kings. excited is not the word.
0	plumpytm getting my xbox back tomorrow! honestly can't wait! - my friends wants a competitive 3v3, see if cole is up for it man!
0	eric arc elliott may be the best rapper in flatbush zombies.
0	scott &amp; evelyn swanson, both work for fema. happy to host trick-treaters tonight, evelyn heads out tomorrow
0	isdancing lokiismycopilot i haven't seen it yet, but alan rickman is permanently awesome, so i may have to.
0	cant wait to move to hawaii this saturday! promotion, new townhouse, new car &amp; with myking... definitely a happy girl :)
0	when the best talent is on internship...... "temasekpoly: sony is coming to tp this friday to look for student talents!"
0	okay, okay...saturday ot just became worth it...someone came with porto's cheese rolls! yum!
0	bryanwilley78 - if you let him play his game and realize you have an oversize cammalleri and not a todd bertuzzi, he may bounce back.
0	ahhhhh just got lauren's email!!! we are going to snap tomorrow beready
0	they say you are what you eat, but it's friday and i don't care! tgif ( ogalo crows nest)
0	hey everyone! who's excited for cosplay casino night tomorrow?! it's in the center for social justice, at our...
0	heat vs knicks gone be the best series in the 1st round..
0	just met with cj, banjo player in matrimonyband! come out to neighborhood theatre on june 23rd for the concert! you won't want to miss it!!
0	tomorrow is going to be an easy day. just show my bib cards for eng which will be like 25 mins since i'm last then get my test back in math
0	olearychris then he makes his first career field goal for edmonton on november 1. what a year.
0	someday i'll have a party and that party'll be named "angelo's 18th" yes after 2 more years. i just turned sixteen and i'm a college student
0	damn. i would totally buy the sun for this. michaelroston: future of news again: free hawkeye lego with murdoch's sun
0	our se member the alresford community choir to share the stage with brit award winning thebandblake on sep 15 trwinchester. how exciting!
0	i'm excited for riri's 7th studio album "unapologetic" see the album cover:
0	kwanawrites i think that's standard now. it's actually an improvement. before they were saying the 11th. now the 9th.
0	every thursday i fall more and more in love with maya rudolph
0	alfredoflores follow amandawanxo and meet her on november 26. she deserves to meet you,crew &amp; justin. she'll be at the bell center at 4!.
0	i have tkts to see plan b next feb- he has already announced his support acts- labrinth and rudimental!!!!this news has made me tres happy
0	three times grammy nominated, brit award nominee and ivor novella winner joan armatrading takes to the stage on sunday!
0	volunteering 4 the obama campaign this am! but i keep waitin 4 olivia to come in yelling "super tuesday is coming people!" kerrywashington
0	erotic asphyxiation, evanescence, strip clubs and kaaba have been the topics of my discussions today! happy friday?!
0	sue_bryce hey sue. so excited to see you at wppi u tomorrow. we're coming don canada and would love to buy you a drink. catg_photo
0	"brandon weeden is going to be a player someday. he's not right now" - ron jaworski just now on sunday nfl countdown countdowntokickoff
0	swamy39 u proved to be a better scriptwriter than shazia ilmi. ramdev will end fast or move to ramlila where he has permission till 30 aug
0	im embracing the oversized sun glass look with my new glasses. they are too awesome not to. i feel like jackie o:)
0	monday at town ballroom: richie hawtin with loco dice. dude is so awesome. tix still avail at
0	tonight's the decider -- will i be at the garden friday night for knicks/heat game 6? here's hoping for a miracle...
0	my miami heat are going to demolish the new york knicks tomorrow. i am from new york. but sorry knicks!!
0	supergirlmac sarah g. day is now on its 4th consecutive day on the top spot. :))
0	blessed is the heart that bends, it will never be broken--- lucas scott good pre-bedtime oth after a busy day! can't wait for tomorrow zzzz
0	freestyle wednesday - np big l, jay z, mos def, black thought, eminem, yelawolf... love it
0	about india: auto production may end fy13 with 6% growth: cmie - mumbai: automobile production, which took a...
0	badassday i love nz was there in feb have friends with vineyard which is useful!! in nelson lovely part of nz!
0	the sun is out for president's day! today will be a good day, perfect way to finish the cricket season.
0	rita oras on xfactor on sunday which means she'll sing shine ya light which i love which makes me happy!:-)
0	just caught the last few minutes of orjan_nilsen's track endymion on siriusxmarea. great track to get ready for work with. its my friday!!
0	richie hawtin - monday night - buffalo town ballroom - don't miss it!
0	real test for bayern this weekend against the in form bayer leverkusen. a win at home on sunday will go a long way towards a 15 win streak.
0	rondo should be glad the all-star game isn't hosted in dc with those galaxy foams on.
0	bruce_arthur some of the calgary runners heading to nyc are going to be cleaning up debris on friday at rockaway beach. great story.
0	just whooped some ass in kill confirmed with quikgunz and pbrasfieldato, tomorrow its back to makin kats cry in gears3
0	i would like to trade president's day and columbus day for the day after the super bowl and july 5th please.
0	geoffstults on september 5th, the finder reaches italian tv (with the worst title translation ever). finally!!! :d finder risolutore sky
0	excited about the bump in ram for raspberry pi. such a nice surprise for a monday. : )
0	i get to procter the psat with my homie kimaniah tomorrow!!! it only took them three years to partner us up lol
0	heat vs knicks first round of playoffs tomorrow!!! lebronwade better bring it!!!
0	happy birthday to the coolest golfer in bali! tjvictoriacnd !! :) may you become cooler and cooler everyday! stay humble little sister! xx
0	if you love to dance i hope to see you supporting this event. saturday. all info on the flyer!
0	ash wednesday lyric~ she shouts to the east god u better have something better for me cause if this is it, well i want better than this...
0	niallofficial i'm singing what makes you beautiful for a school performance tomorrow! wish me luck? any advice? follow? lol love you, niall
0	are you guys as ready as i am for riri 7th album .... come on november 19 :) rihannanavy rihanna rihan
0	lovinjakemore you bet! and chuckonthewolf &amp; i will have best seats in the house on mon.
0	first time i ever heard ss was in 6th grade and i actually loved it. i didn't know the song at the the time so i couldn't continue to listen
0	jscribe we are having a politics and pancakes program in the building next tuesday night--you are welcome to come!
0	could be one of the greatest nights of my life carmelo anthony winked &amp; acknowledged me twice and sat 2 rows back at the knicks game! ca7
0	proud of aishwarya's french honour: big b: mumbai, nov 2 (ians) megastar amitabh bachchan says he is proud that ...
0	intermission fc took a big step towards the title with a hard fought 1-0 win over fellow table toppers the real ajax on monday night.
0	tomorrow is a good day to listen to lamb of god. hahahaha.
0	"senran kagura for ps vita may be the most advanced breast physics system with complete costume destruction comparing the 3ds counterpart".
0	with the election right around the corner, rrfp is pleased to announce super tuesday! get an additional 5%...
0	felliiiisha come over tomorrow? :) my mom isn't staying there with me she has to stay with the big dogs at the old house until gordon
0	the last lecture of the day on a monday to me is like pancake day for fat kids dreamy
0	having family pictures done on saturday with my 4 favorite girls! hannah, katie , shan and my tam! can't wait! life can't get any better!
0	get your sweat suits! it's november and its time to lax! practice tonight, game at drexelclublax tomorrow. fallball
0	can't wait to see carrie underwood on the 27th
0	paulryanvp i wish mitt quit all this lying about what they can do. if mr was such a great leader he would've sought a 2nd term in mass.
0	manuel charr looks confident ahead of saturday clash vs. vitali klitschko: charr didn't look scared as he stared...
0	banana walnut pancakes and a side of brooklyncured sausages. slide up to the counter for a soda fountain sunday brunch. enjoy!
0	pastor winans will always be cool wit me because 'tomorrow' by the winans is one of my fav gospel songs! and he sent my nippy home right!
0	big fan of the holidays that just involve partying: st. patrick's, 4th of july, halloween, presidents day, etc.
0	wow toowoomba tomorrow with stan walker!!:) so good
0	4everam_ber *as i sat and thought* i lied. total praise, thank you, then the winans joints
0	good luck to scouser &amp; soon to be klitschko destroyer davidprice_1 tonight in the echo against audley_harrison - '12th career ko tonight'
0	the first coolamon rodeo is coming up on november 17! a great day of action and a fun day for the family!
0	wow. marcos had no vp during martial law, but enrile is the 2nd most powerful man in the philippines then.
0	the2scoops much of last season, too, esp 2nd half. tho i loved jack white, and mick jagger with arcade fire / foo fighters was amazing.
0	shaquille o'neal all-star comedy jam dar constitution hall sat. 8pm nov 3, 2012 washington dc.. looks like it will be a great show!!
0	support: we're excited that stan walker &amp; advocates are running for the kids the sun-herald city2surf soon!...
0	thinking neighbors probably don't have work tomorrow. so, it's cool if i turn up the judas priest and just rock out all night, yeah?
0	good luck to joseph calleja tonight at the brits. see he's appearing at the royal festival hall on friday 11 jan in raymond gubbay concert
0	tiffany_evonne o ok they got me off today wed &amp;friday but ima talk to zachary to see if i can work split shifts the rest of the week
0	akram01arabi friday's the main day!!!! knicks vs heat
0	so here we go into the early hours with hopefully some great racing from san fran americascup world series. watch it fri 0930 on ss4...
0	benjm1 best year ever it will be! i am tossing the idea of hawaii around for mid jan to mid feb. but california dreaming for suuure
0	thewovenword ....is ericwfoster going as that "upwards kid" that he played so well on sunday night??!! ....with his prop/friend, "adidas"?
0	tokyoeyepatch but trust a dj who's giving away triksta - all about n.o. rap scene [choppa] on gumbo monday 7pm fundingdrive2012! bounce!
0	proud of my mom for all her hard work with best business strategies to get president's circle in sage 50 for the 2nd year in a row! wooooo!
0	surface microsoftstore surface the florida mall, orlando, fl is the closest $msft store to me. ;-) can't wait to be there tomorrow!
0	kerri will be helping out the families in long beach tomorrow. if anyone has water, clothes, non perishables,...
0	lovely day in edmonton. game cancelled today. looking forward to tomorrow.
0	barrykidney wanepillow great idea. but i'm still working on the alternate remixes for the 1st 'jackie o' lp.
0	patrishuhx7 i have english tomorrow but it honestly doesn't bother me for some reason. rella always makes my day. don't ask
0	lots of fun this weekend. we're at the mardis gras casino friday night from 8 to midnight. then on sunday...
0	i'm just looking forward to the knicks verse nets game on thursday! carmelo anthony verse deron williams my two favorite players!
0	join us this sunday on the terrace.... we're taking it deep all the way :-) filthy rich, deeafro, rob maynard, dj...
0	iam not sure if reggie realizes this but statistically gary carter is the 4th greatest catcher in the 100+ years of baseball 8 kid lgm
0	talkin with procter&amp;gamble sound like its the move to make..but well see come thursday for this career fair
0	ksorbs i am hoping we will rise up again. and make tomorrow a better day! hercules for president!
0	exhausted after a long day at wppi, but ready to do it again tomorrow!
0	just finished watching "the bounty hunter", gerald butler &amp; jennifer aniston. checking it out for the 2nd time around. funny!
0	interresting to read, except if you work for rim or microsoft (but it may change soon) : the mobile industry in numbers
0	steljesbusiness ah, maybe you also prefer zulu. thanks, no relation! but where, exeter? btw the 4th emergency service is the coastguard.
0	njhoranhugs haha, i hardly knew about them and one day i was at her house and she sat me down and made me watch the brit awards with her :)
0	on the plus side mytigermytiming have a gig on saturday night at the lexington - come along :)
0	let the good times roll! tomorrow is mardis gras at st. philip's, with the bob deangelis dixieland band and gumbo lunch. join us at 10:30!
0	catholics tomorrow is the holy day of all saints many many gave their lives for jesus and the church. all the saints defended the church!!
0	shabelyyy aki ta junior saying he inviting max tomorrow lol to chill in the house
0	pancakes were delicious and everything's perfect. now off to sleep and then tomorrow it's gonna be ascot all day long.
0	ty for making me a woman!!!! estelledarlings said at constitution hall saturday dont ever ever ever ever let someone make u feel like shit
0	finding out that its national margarita day on a thursday this year just made having no class on friday thaaaat much better excited
0	i'm so happy for cassadeepope :) she is finally showing the world what she gots! blake, hey monday, and now just cassadee pope! &lt;3
0	just been to rspcayork with mrsiveson for 1st time since blake. walked reggie &amp; anna, 2 really sweet dogs.
0	effat university wins the 1st "p&amp;g's university challenge" at the procter and gamble's university competition.
0	don't worry edmonton tomorrow morning your main streets will be clear and ready for you to drive on !!!! i better go to bed
0	free dinner for everyone in highschool in edmonton at rahma mosque saturday night 7 its going to be fun :)
0	get ready for the peanut butter and jams sponsored party at santos party house this saturday! good looks...
0	come to mtsu football fan day tomorrow from 2-4 pm at murphy center! meet the team for autographs and enjoy hotdogs and drinks!
0	d2phresh it's cool, the less recognition we get, the more we win. i'll take that....all the way to n.o. in february.
0	thatkid193 im a jr smith fan hes super athletic so i kind of want him shooting with the 2nd unit him novak kidd camby nd white or thomas
0	prayer with amazing men of god this morning, grocery shopping, arrival of my [2nd] pokemon shirt, and purchased big l's first album. cool
0	the girl with the birthday cake on her in the "birthday song" video.. can somebody bring her to my house thursday?
0	wish you were eating jackie o's today? come to the appalachian health summit saturday for delicious jackie o's lunch, &amp; health workshop :)
0	calgary tomorrow for the first meet of the season! can't wait to get some early racing done altitude paceit
0	friday love that movie, kinda awkward watching it on thursday tho ...
0	its friendship day coming this sunday and people are reacting like valentine day
0	with the wikileaks releases yesterday, it's only gonna help 3rd party candidates make an impact in the election.
0	knowing the movie industry in kumasi, a movie a titled "ayariga for president" may not be too far away. please don't disappoint meboxoffice
0	gotta hold down a dub for that flatbush zombies show on the 1st. throw a blunt on stage or sumn.
0	jimirsay that would be jason varitek. pick me as i would love to go to the game sunday.
0	awesome talk from awesome beckypallack in the star apprentice class tonite on social media! just in time for super tuesday!
0	just watched act of valor for the 4th time - i do like that movie.
0	varitek eager to learn on the job: newly appointed red sox special assistant jason varitek on friday reflected o...
0	brook lopez the 2nd best offensive center in the nba he not ass
0	last day of work at walgreens tomorrow! *cries tears of joy*
0	deantet the 1st thing that came to mind was something from flatbush zombies hahaha or omg, biz markie. or ol' dirty bastard &gt;:)
0	hope you've got your tickets/tables for plies tomorrow night 10/6 at belo nightclub with z90.3 | san diego!! if...
0	i love my girl evelyn at work she switched shifts with me saturday:)
0	it's friday before wppi! who is going this year?! i am!! before i leave on sunday, i wanted to give out a fun...
0	thursday margarita day with poker sign in before 7:15 p.m. and a funtastic time!!!! yeaha friday jaron bell (riannon bday party) reminder ;)
0	jasmine curtis-smith is nominated as best new female tv personality (for nandito ako) in the 26th pmpc star awards for tv. yay! =))
0	katielmo96 haha brilliant!! morning katie...happy friday! bodg loves the drawing of him! m
0	i might act like tomorrow valentine day and pamper my gf maybe then she'll feel better
0	don't miss plies at belo nightclub on saturday 10/6 with z90.3 | san diego!! get your tickets now -...
0	beautiful sunrise at the washington monument taken by abpanphoto -
0	great tetra in india event in mumbai. next event tuesday in jakarta. see you there ?
0	abbiepincott there was no handshake abigayle? also when i come in tomorrow i expect my new schuh tee you ordered to be there... good girl
0	a great read with your saturday morning coffee. i'm voting for a pres working on social justice, tolerance, &amp; equality.
0	seymorecake jmause3 at least there is hope coming around february. i'm looking at a team where jr smith is the x-factor.
0	dynamitetm oh that's right duels are tomorrow ha good luck to you and will
0	james murphy may b right-if pretentiousness leads to reading great books/listening to great music, even just to impress-you pry win in end
0	4 more days to go and we're off to the byclive london conference on saturday - we're excited to network with other youth councils again!
0	watney fires 61 to win cimb classic: nick watney fired a 10-under 61 on sunday to rally and win the cimb classic...
0	bigtexasschan i fux wit yo 3rd choice but gifted hands (the ben carson story) and alex haley's autobiography of malcolm x my top 2
0	dino's invitational dual meet tomorrow in calgary, then rocky mountain cup to follow. rip it up bears and pandas bustamove
0	i hope miami does this to the knicks on friday. teamheat
0	watching die hard for the 1st time with linpel &amp; lettersfromgena. alan rickman makes this better than it already was.
0	svmixradio the winans are doing the smash hit "tomorrow" its cool but not the same without all the brothers. more on the whitney memorial.
0	otw back to la salle!! hehehehe watched unofficially yours for the 2nd time w jantiamwatt & superxmaika!
0	enjoying my 1st time on caltrain - bikes on the 1st floor, passengers on the 2nd floor.
0	a big congrats to kevin mccarthy who was victorious on saturday in the presidents day comp with a fine performance of very steady golf.
0	hm , saturday with joey , lauren , dj , and laura sounds about right ;) happybirthdaydj
0	scoop! elmbridge choir performing with brit award classic boy-band blake on may 24th at epsom playhouse! yoohoo how cool is that!
0	acousticcrowds dm me your number and i'll send you a pic of the dress i'm wearing wednesday. it's perfect for being the black dahlia.&lt;3
0	omg wait, bel ami comes out tomorrow! i'm going to watch it, finally.
0	it's our 6th birthday!!!!! reggie your the best partner ever!!!! we would like to thank all of our brides who...
0	"tomorrow" by the winans is on my heart so heavy this morning... wonder who needs to hear it!
0	thmazing also the way to go at zachary's is the stuffed mushroom and spinach. excellent. (note: this opinion may be out-of-date).
0	sep29th happy 16th birthday rella . get drunk for me frl . enjoy your day &amp; wish you many more !
0	brianmacleodrlp thanks for the follow brian! hope you have a super tuesday!
0	i gotta play that "friday" track by flatbush zombies to finish a great day.
0	padrebrey good point! ash wednesday isn't a day of obligation? i've never missed one.
0	pimpmamanayy good girl, i'll see you tomorrow?
0	this years nba schedule got me pumped for the season. knicks vs. nets in its 1st nba's battle of new york. we already know its nyk town.
0	thanks to all who came down to mardis gras in july at the fullerton downtown plaza last night. all proceeds went...
0	this article about senate president enrile is very interesting :)
0	save the date: 11/14, jmcurleybar. we've got some surprises coming your way! info on monday.
0	alfredoflores follow amandawanxo , find her on november 26. meet her. she'll be at the bell center by 4:00pm its her dream 2 meet u!!90
0	mrjimbob booksellercrow she's alright, she'll win the brit award for best female if she breaks wind between now and may.
0	the eight day of the week: sarah g. day!! where you can party party,laugh,dance and go crazy! sarahglive on sunday guys:)
0	these lil girls singing "birthday cake" .....girl it was yo 10th birthday the other day smh lol
0	loserboy well shit! i hope your back for the morning show. i need you on my drive to cupertino on monday! have fun!
0	ashatoashes ash wednesday they put ash crosses on your forehead that was the joke lol
0	heat vs knicks is gonna be the most exciting 1st round series
0	jascurtissmith did you greet josh bradley last sunday, his bday? i hope. i love your loveteam!
0	happy birthday mom! the sun is shining bright today :). i miss you always. love, daniela "rella" lol xo
0	jennykeast elimination diet starts tomorrow don't you mean ;) lean vegvegveg!
0	gotta love being catholic, sitting in a lutheran church on reformation sunday. i guess the catholics pushed it with the whole "pay" for sin
0	mr. travis took the sats in the 7th grade! nerd fact bestueverchad
0	you may not have known steve sabol's name, but chances are you knew his work. ron jaworski and more look back:
0	loads of goodies from house of wilde, stylestalker, staple the label, fairground and piper lane will be available tomorrow! stay tuned! xx
0	laurendrain i admire you with all my heart, lauren. may the god, that watches over the rest of the world, bless you and keep you x
0	after that game, i can't wait to see what my heat do to the knicks tomorrow
0	eli young band you were great on cmaawards but you will be even better in starkville tomorrow night :) bulldogbash hailstate
0	i'll never forget that first girl i was crazy about in 5th grade. i still got her valentine day card in my secret safe.
0	roma enjoying a run in the sun
0	mkosinskinbc endymion may have set the greek mythology and olympic record for sleep,full of sweet dreams, and health, and quiet breathing.
0	aquino on enrile's memoirs: may all of us seek in this book the lessons that will allow us to advance as a people
0	i'm supposed to sleep now because of work tomorrow but sen. johnny enrile's life is interesting it's keeping me awake
0	won tickets on the roeconn show with richardroeper to see tomdreesencomic at cdandme this sunday. tom's from alsip, right? ;-) harvey
0	happy 11th yr preaching anniversary to a mighty man of valor pastorshaemun!! excited about your next dimension!!! love you!
0	excited about useclear for mac...november 8 can't come soon enough! clear for ios + mac = minimalistic todo list nirvana.
0	it's wednesday ! pisceslikejosh "wookiee photo" funny ! joshgroban - what makes you beautiful - one direction cover:
0	great piece on joe cole's demise in tomorrow's independent by samwallaceindy. cole was the first england player who was younger than me
0	talkmaster you need to go in february during mardis gras week. no crowds, beautiful weather!
0	sixteen candles down the drain: sunday inspiration post!
0	ready to go to lexington with kweddlee and courtknee_eat10 for this game tomorrow night!
0	dutchjools i have a date with christian kane and the leverage team that i recorded tues, then the finder, sexy!, have fun, night night xx
0	anyone else find it entertaining that ash wednesday and national margarita day fall on the same day?
0	tennessee tech's steve payne says murray state does things the right way - oct 24 6:47 pm et
0	dennisdmz hey the best was when you said obama put out his smoke on bidens forehead on ash wed
0	sum_loser just wait till we're getting classy with wine on saturday!!
0	excited for the nuggets game tomorrow!
0	buzzed that i'm going amsterdam on friday! ajax tickets could do with turning up though fuckyouviagogo
0	a cheeky 61 by nick watney good enough to win cimbclassic at -22 from robertgarrigus &amp; bovanpelt. tigerwoods closed with 63 to share 4th
0	al_pro_ best one ever 7th track dr.dre on the beat ft. biggie,2pac,big l,&amp; big pun...song is gonna be called "we ain't dead" lmaooo
0	so happy hisd has no school tomorrow! no student teaching in the morning!!
0	my love for maya rudolph may be borderline obsessive. i just looooove her!
0	chrisashton1 gutted.takin mrs 2 her 1st eng game then. she loves the dive fella.cocky git! wish u well 4rest of internationals.
0	tiubeachbabe toneitup it was in the member's email. info will be up on the blog tomorrow. series for the next 2 weeks :) daily motivation
0	look how far they've come since july 23rd 2010. they have a smash album, brit award, and the even beat out justin bieber for a tca.
0	bobmcbobbob1 optimism: pancake day on sunday.
0	cheese curls and wine is a great bed time snack. time for lights out before my regional day tomorrow! haha insidejoke sleep goodnight
0	yeay..hopefully runman ep 91 with eng sub will be out by tuesday...can't wait to watch it!!!go go go yooruce willis...yoo jae suk jjang!!
0	sixteen tomorrow omg what an breakthrough weekend with all the fellas in the building
0	as i'm watching candyman i realize that its it not scary at all! kinda funny or it may b the liquor either way i'm laffin
0	usc_zack broncopeyton gsf_23 lmfao when may comes around, watch zachary cheer for the bulls or celtics lololol
0	zachbernard i don't see c. edwards doing anything but racing hard on thurs in duels on speed i'm sure he will be smart though!
0	david haye claims a fight with vitali klitschko "has been agreed", according to the sun. better start protecting that big toe david...
0	i would still vote for enrile. old as he may be, he makes me feel that our law is sweet as it may be sour.
0	bel ami you are one strange movie, but i like you and i must keep watching....i may have to read the book.
0	tons of hw tomorrow, lunch date with joey, back to hw, then magic mike with ash&amp;co. before bed :)
0	right guys, last competition of the night... like this status for a chance to win a copy of judas priest's 30th...
0	gumby may be the answer to our forward woes. the bomb squad never stop believing, and we never stop believing in gumby. releasethegumby
0	rachelbowerx no thank god it died down tuesday morning, i woke up and it was gone! we just need to recover from it! plus nj might have a
0	miss_lydiard i can meet you at sylvia park tomorrow at lunch if you wanna stay over this weekend?! but i know you have vou course so lmk :)
0	jaymohr37 mr. monday night just made my thursday night'!! rvd mohrstories
0	downloading duels for ipad now. finally magic on the perfect device. i may never play mtgo again. dotp2013
0	listen in hour 2 for an expansive interview with poet frank x. walker who present his works at murray state on november 1. soundsgood
0	can't wait until april 7 going to see riri in concert
0	good morning bomb squad family! i hope you all have a lovely saturday!
0	oh an i also picked my starting xi for the 1st bangla test on wicricnews site. couldnt decide between fidi an tino! i like fidi tho lol!
0	hanging with katie &amp; making fun of okc tropes. this is an awesome thursday night.
0	may 27 it goin down me, onen_amillie, and levi_tation throwing a graduation party! at mardis gras 4275 winchester rd suite 6 pm until 12!
0	djdannyavila just heard you're coming to calgary on the 23rd!! best news ever!! you're going to kill it man!! :)
0	still my favorite pose of you, :) pancakes tomorrow, glad you're here, we missed dj marcus! sweet dreams!
0	"dream high 2 premieres on feb 20th with eng sub thru kbs world!" ok noted
0	addismom22 feb 22 at kfc yum center, you down?!
0	the winans singing tomorrow. they still got it.
0	andrewwk i'm going to be at your santos party house this saturday for the "weird by weird standards" party. stop by and we'll rage!!
0	robert pattinson paid tribute to his bel ami co-star uma thurman as he presented her with an award at the 19th w ...
0	new haven ct! come to the teen center and party with us august 31st and help us end "the coming alive tour" with a bang! ;)
0	ritaora us uk bots cannot wait for your arrival tomorrow! we love you rita! x
0	ermahgerd, why is it only 10:46am?! i want sunday to come already. shopping spree at the florida mall, yes yes yes. muchneeded
0	super tuesday is just a few days away, can the president make it?
0	girls gone wild gon be at my school thursday shit gon be crazzzzyy make sure i be my ass on campus lol npu
0	gamble landed at ludlow with our first betrescue selection hold court winning at 13-8 from 9-2. super duty ran well in 2nd and will be
0	tragickingdom is the best album of all and my favorite song off this album is excusememr. sunday morning and sixteen are close seconds...
0	love this vid!! 1st time i've seen it!--- jules explains it all - david archuleta sings "nandito ako." via youtube
0	big day tomorrow! all sandy is gonna do is give us a half as bj! eastbound on stage at big fish shtick 2:30pm. then zombie bar crawl!
0	morgan state &amp; hampton univ go head to head at the nyulclassic on nov 17 yankee stadium! hbcu, we'd love to see you there!
0	my social media week starts tomorrow, kicking off with 'socialising the internet of things'. sounds intriguing. smwldn
0	breekaye08 haha i just may have to see him at rodeo this year. thankfully it's a saturday!!!
0	surprisingly, i will still bob my head to anything from mick jagger to son of sardar. yes, you may judge me now.
0	act of valor may have just become one of the best movies i've ever seen
0	i wish it was sarah g. day 'cause that's my funday my i don't have to runday it's just another manic monday
0	beautiful washington monument in dc as the sun sets: what a walking path!
0	the beauty of sun news! sun tv bagging ipl contract is a breaking news on ndtv while sun news is busy talking about jayalalithaa! tn
0	i rented sherlock 2 and ghost rider 2 this last friday! they were both good! i rented journey 2 last night! it had a really cute guy in it!!
0	bust it baby by plies feat ne-yo was my ishhh all 8th grade year! reminds me of my ex.... in a good way. one of the best years
0	i'm so ready for _c_lavender_ to get here tomorrow! another fun weekend in starkville with my sweet boy!!
0	the best mom award goes to my mom for getting me tickets to go see carrie underwood and hunter hayes in concert this sunday! ahhhhhh &lt;3
0	i just got my vans for tomorrow:d yay and my shirt green i have a grup that going to be lile that:d yay photo tomorrow&lt;3
0	if someone takes me to carrie underwood next thursday, i will love you forever. nokidding blownaway
0	joetheskeleton i'd go with my first time for evanescence but the 2nd was amazing, nightwish was gorgeous, same for gaga, so difficult ^^'
0	now watching ncaa finals game 3 in tv5! may the best team win!
0	oh and p.s. big adidas warehouse sale tomorrow if you're interested!
0	what a perfect day for a wedding workshop! the idea was born at wppi in feb...and not only is it finally here it...
0	xlandonabx reggie would make a good mcs teacher. i'm talk to pratna about it tomorrow but i'm probably just dropping and ill do online
0	so lucky that i'm off college tuesday, wednesday and thursday next week when i'm going watching evanescence on tuesday night :d
0	usccb lifting up the people affected in those areas, especialy in ny and in nj. may they experience god's holding them close to his heart!
0	oh lordy, a hilarious night of dressing up as jackie o and nelson. godamn it, its only wednesday
0	kea_nerdette big thanks i might do that tomorrow and you too foufa_b better than hayley and zachary cuz they have no patient lol!!:d
0	procter isn't even here yet for my sat room and everyone else is about to start...how awesome is that?
0	watching act of valor. looking forward to ultimatfighterfridays next friday (: really think coltonsmithmma has the contract in the bag
0	serious_sound yeah that's wha i'm doing tomorrow. your topic seems interesting as fuck. lol my shit is on malcolm x. but ima just
0	rella wake up to shank one day thn pczeey the nxt day so who dat 3rd baby pappy lol shedontknow
0	siapin nih..like a g6,that what makes you beautiful,just dance,boom boom pow! ready for the day after tomorrow
0	right then..diet starts monday, probably not the wisest choice with christmas coming up..but im gonna smash it!!
0	imaaa be gone til sunday the 19th ! :)
0	this is a most excellent wed! the 2 boxes of porto's goodies that just showed up at studio re-enforcing this! redvelvetcupcakebreakfast
0	_rondongq damn brah it was good too! we play the knicks tomorrow
0	karma vs flow!!! join us this sunday on the terrace.... we're taking it deep all the way :-) filthy rich, richie...
0	vta scores td on 3rd drive ledesma pass to winans ztra point good 10-0 with 8 min left in 2nd qtr
0	finefoodgirl sbs popped it into an earlier time slot, across 3 weeks- so i missed the 1st one- (maddening!) but watched online- was v good.
0	cthreeo3 i have lots of spare jars. marmalade is the one 'jam' g&i have not yet made. so glad u found ash wed easy & uplifting.
0	davidarchie josh bradley turns 23 tommorrow!! july 15. hope all is well with you!! enjoying your music. have some halo-halo!
0	friday - dracula time again at the leicester square theatre at 7.00pm. not doink anysing? come and join van helsing! yes! it is i!
0	4ths are in striking distance of promotion &amp; the title. sunday is presidents day. be great to get as many of us together. 2pm legends v club
0	pikeyessex just in case you haven't had enough we have plenty of birthday cake ready for you tomorrow!
0	funny you should ask bluenunuk we will be the leicester square theatre on october 10th at 9pm performing our edinburgh show4a final time!
0	joshuaplethora br's amazing food, music &amp; culture scene may be encased in strip malls like a baby embedded in a king cake, but it's there.
0	i find it funny that this is the 5th year in a row that brad paisley and carrie underwood have hosted the cmas
0	tomorrow i plan on playing blackops zombies, gears3, and maybe mw3 all day thanks to my 2day live code. anyone down for some gaming?
0	skullhong jiyoung_min oppa,u may b the one who tweets most in kidols but only in hangul.plz tweet in eng!
0	ghost rider 2 was good but it was super trippy. 1st one is better.
0	i can't wait to cruise walgreens tomorrow for all the half-price avatars. lovemeeeeeeeee
0	happy birthday to the one and only josh bradley! mwahahaha! haaamaaazing! may birthday ang character ni david xd nanditoako
0	colin_kazim08 i would really love to get a ps vita. my sisters 16th is coming soon and she would be overjoyed if she gets one. ckrcomp
0	good day eventing today with a win on endymion entrechat an a 5th with viscount oscar! very early start tomorrow for event 2 in hampshire
0	nirvana reflexology spa may have just saved my foot today ... i highly recommend
0	remember that one time in the 4th grade when i loved the parent trap so much that i gave it up for lent....
0	well, settled in to the next temporary residence. i have some very nice coworkers. going to check out long beach and the apt tomorrow.
0	i took my boyfriend best virginity last night in club bodi...it was her 1st time goin 2 the club ever smokers_lane happy bday chum chum
0	our 1st xi went through against liverpool 4th xi with a 2-1 victory aet thanks to an extra time winner from man of the match danielwalsh6
0	strangely, national margarita day is feb 22nd. think we'll celebrate tomorrow anyway. happy cincodemayo!
0	watching last night's redeye - the gavin_mcinnes hipster may just be the greatest character since stevie on eastbound &amp; down!
0	gerald green will show on a good team that he's more than just a dunker. kid can do it all. 2nd biggest surprise behind jlin nbarank
0	meet the amazing race philippines contestants. watch it on tv5 starting tomorrow. i am excited for this show.
0	i still want that birthday cake remix that i wanted on saturday...
0	it's josh bradley's birthday tomorrow. so what time is the party? lol
0	in honor of national margarita day come and enjoy $3 margarita's, and the usual wednesday specials $1 drafts and free food buffett!!!
0	twitter: "we found someone you may know on twitter! kevin rudd kruddmp - federal member for griffith." straya
0	robert pattinson paid tribute to his bel ami co-star uma thurman as he presented her with an award at the 19th women in hollywood ce...
0	the nicest teacher in the world (mr. rocha) gave us an extra day for our hw and i still didn't do it!! guess who's waking up early tomorrow.
0	i'm all for 2nd amendment rights but it would be nice to make machine gun kelly illegal
0	paparazzi is a filipino showbiz oriented talk show that airs every sunday on tv5. get the juiciest and freshest...
0	10 ps4 launch games wed love to see. these are our hopes &amp; dreams sony, be gentle with them: opm: a new... postters
0	and, surprise surprise, majority of the people, sat in the window seats, have gotten off at murdoch. wankers
0	jasonmarkcook great to meet you sat. if you're free weds 24 oct 9pm for our residency: leicester square theatre, we'll sort you a comp. x
0	happy sunday retro members! the movie of the day is: project x
0	mee&amp; my grandpa are going to the rita game tomorrow cutiepies
0	tomorrow, the jimmy donn "eastbound &amp; down" pre-order begins. only 100 pre-orders will be available. and it's a pretty sick combo pack!
0	emmabanfield4 lol! jason &amp; ethan went tues &amp; thought it was good. i didn't fancy going &amp; cole was out all day &amp; nite with archie! loner
0	rodeo miami named rodeo of the year for the 3rd straight year! congrats to the rodeo miami team!
0	got a bit of sun today! cant wait to tan tan tan! nz weather i love you ;)
0	knicks vs heats friday its going down
0	if therock wins the wwe title at royalrumble, then he would have to defend it in his 1st ever elimination chamber match.
0	well, i haven't done any homework in the past hour, but, i do know the lyrics to forevermore , wya and nandito ako by heart now. :)
0	check out the performance these brave youngsters did one saturday morning at sylvia park. this is truly a great...
0	romanista_8 after the game on sunday i expect roma to be even more determined that they otherwise would be
0	tonight, i roast a chicken. tomorrow, i make chicken soup. love my job but wish i could cook for social justice.
0	nathanrodger we are all too excited about margarita day tomorrow
0	iflak mozidesigner haha. &lt;3 can't wait for bl2, and gears3 remains excellent. hope you both enjoy me3! :)
0	bomb squad bake sale thursday the 25th !!! don't miss out.
0	lemon drizzle cake man gave me a free latte, and it's possibly the best latte i've ever had. i'll be back tomorrow to give him all my money.
0	khader adnan is a hero, he's the palestinian spring and hopefully the spark of a 3rd intifada. khaderexists
0	dethklok, all that remains, and black dahlia murder in november? i can dig it!
0	enjoyed watching the people working out during the tour of technogymvillage in cesena, italy. workouts for attendees tomorrow.
0	youngmensociety see you guys on the 6th of october in bathurst along with stan walker. can't wait!!! :d
0	i think tylermedeiros should come back to calgary. saw him in september and yeah, he's hot. i love him. &lt;3 nuffsaid comeback love
0	"yolo" really u gonna tell me that i am living my life it may not be how it use to be but i love my life way more being a mother rns
0	social media week is right now! can you tell i'm excited? smwvan i'll be at the bcama event tomorrow, see you there!
0	cool cdnpoli rtangelpike: call the hospital in iqaluit &amp; press 2 for english. experience an aboriginal language as 1st choice"
0	heatherpaace because come november 7, whoever is destined to be the next president will have my full respect. whether it be obama or romney
0	going to the knicks vs. heat game tomorrow. hype last time i went to a basketball game was when i was 9.
0	ahhhh, the sun is shining, the birds are singing and this nirvana track i have on is bringing it down. skipety.
0	yolo? ofcourse, but with in that life span yu may be an become 5 diff ppl, the life we live in aint the only life we gone have, be smart
0	nba playoffs today!!!!!! the heat vs knicks series is going to be crazy! luckily celticnation don't play till sunday lets go celtics!!!!
0	good luck to girls tennis as the take on south torrance today on 1st round cif! golions2012
0	gwendolyn__ i better have a seat by you and katie tomorrow! can you say party?
0	pictures of the day: 18 october 2012: a playful amazon river dolphin, usain bolt's shoes and mick jagger.
0	but rest assures i am watching degrassi, and loving it may i add. (;
0	saw margaret cho tonight at leicester square theatre. brilliant woman, intuitive, insightful, sexy. she's here til 31st u must go!!
0	knicks vs heats gone be the best 1st round series in the playoffs
0	imaaa be the 1st tongan hooper in the nba fact
0	katytlam katietd21 kath. i hope you do enjoy the game last night. tomorrow has another game. go jlin!
0	good monday everybody! wish we could start this morning with a little king cake....
0	i just realized that the boys won their brit award on my birthday february 21 then i was like partying that time they recieved it!bestgiftx
0	we're in the studio working on the new album and it sounds epic. we may as well pick up our brit award now, tbh.
0	white day... one month after the valentine day, march 14th... it's a romantic day! xd
0	good result tonight, though! part one of rodgers' gamble paid off. have to wait for sunday for part two. if we win that, we're off! lfc
0	sheemalv hey mom! i'm done with eng so going to hand it in soon &amp; got about 500 words to go for his &amp; handing it in tomorrow! :-)
0	seeing wyeoak and maya rudolph cover prince songs with theroots tomorrow night. my mind is pretty much blown.
0	happy sixth of may, or what's referred to as national hate the inventor of the margarita day.
0	watched act of valor for the 3rd time and almost cried again!! i love dat movie!!
0	just got the last win of the season! 2nd place in league woot woot! cif here we come!!! ;)
0	can't wait for opening night at madison square garden. will be there for the knicks/heat game on friday! fun
0	son if deandre learned anything more than dunking.he could be the 3rd best center in the league. brook lopez's rebound numbers hold him back
0	winduprecords hi, would love to organise a photo pass to shoot the evanescence gig in london on 9th, who can i contact to arrange?
0	happy 4th from the bomb squad!
0	has just won two tickets to evanescence on monday boom! thanks capitalfmarena
0	j3ybyrdswyf what makes you beautiful is their 1st big hit... played on the radio 2 death? i 'm koolin' n u?
0	5 days of rodeo in one week time :) so excited! 10th year going cfr12
0	peckbros just sat in with king cake. fun times!
0	girls gone wild! sab_cat kelceywebb just a little bit of fun in the sun!!! h2o niccibeach fun sun par
0	i may not be a diehard fan of ss but all the things i've heard about this man make him sound like a hero. my
0	life is good, imperial woodpecker sno-balls are back! 124 macdougal b/t 3rd and bleecker. bring on the king cake! imperialsno snogood!
0	tnvanderlaan have not heard the entire 4th cd yet, but i do like "good girl" and (the not as upbeat) "blown away"
0	jrazzle07 oh hey you're in the same event as me for deca on monday. prepare to get ass raped fyi. justkidding excitedthough
0	what could have made sunday even better for cimbclassic champ nick watney? the fact that he's a huge sfgiants fan. worldseries
0	today for the first time i noticed how gorgeous it is when the sun comes up over the washington monument.
0	brittanymariep dethklok is having a tour:) they're coming to chattanooga dec 6 with machine head. black dahlia murder and atr. i'm going :)
0	ok all y'all catholics, tomorrow be a holy day of obligation. be sure to get y'all a$$ to mass.
0	just handed in my application for the marie colvin scholarship at the sunday times. an exciting moment.
0	have you got your tickets yet? london's newest whorehouse opens next saturday! leicester square theatre
0	3 wickets in 1st session, eng bowlers will be extremely happy! just tiwary, raina and saha left along with yuvi. rayudu should've played!
0	looking forward to rocking it out at roma's in louisa on saturday night!!!! hope to see everyone there!!!! no cover!!
0	it makes me feel so gay that i just set the classical brit awards to record tomorrow haha oh dear
0	ready to see the sixers play the nuggets tomorrow!
0	fuckaria i can wear a black dahlia murder shirt one day, and a sun dress the next xd
0	happy 13th birthday to one of my favorite boys, zachary! he's growing up so fast, he's almost as tall as me.
0	i'm driving in to long beach saturday. if anyone has clothes, food, cleaning supplies, linens to donate please let me know! thank you!
0	swing by the all arts market friday night at neighborhood theatre! come buy local and start your christmas shopping early:)
0	hisd's chief financial officer will retire in december: i hope the rest of the finance staff will answer my questions!
0	trisigma last thursday the alpha chi chapter initiated 37 beautiful young ladies after we had just celebrated 70 years at murray state!!
0	teamnightkids glad you dug ash wed. feeling its time to start writing another gangster flick.
0	casslachelle boo! well, carmel is a nice 2nd to mass. will you least b dtown carmel?
0	elliegoulding do you know what time you come on tomorrow night at santos party house? can't wait to see/hear you!!!!
0	hopefully doing a meet and greet friday night with stan walker and elen levon :d bring on the celeb life!!
0	come walk with us tomorrow! see you at lent's park at 10 am for registration. looking forward to a big crowd and a sunny day!
0	i still remember the first time i heard what makes you beautiful on the radio. it was february 25th. (; specialnight
0	degrassihaha going to the holy land (canada) tomorrow. if i'm lucky, i'll meet some of the degrassi gang. well, in my dreams :p.
0	watching full 1st season of the finder on hulu plus. so funny lazydaysies i see why you liked it! on episode 2
0	holy shit was it social justice sunday on tumblr or something because wow stayingthefuckawayfromtumblrsj
0	nba is back !!!!' my main man jj starting at the three for sacramento kings gets chance to show bulls even more of what they lost tomorrow
0	project x is the best film ever made and someone with money needs to have one, like this friday. makeithappen
0	it's friday love question time - i'm answering as many love questions as possible with cards and astrology - now!
0	news: plan b confirms february uk tour with support from labrinth and rudimental!
0	i may treat myself to some serie b this evening. cesena v novara, maybe remind me of how much i loved gianluca comotto if he plays joking
0	p4_da_prince lakers sacramento kings, we just beat y'all sunday and thurs night so what it was preseason won me some money. nov11
0	kadecudi_nova keriilynnbabe well then, have fun not trick or treating. i'll be in br doing it wednesday, and thursday in zachary. bitch.
0	mixin it up. playlist from the winans "tomorrow" to kirkfranklin's "today" to insidejmoss "good day" to therealmarymary "it is well" yup!
0	great practice session with the conceptofficial boys can not wait for friday with example &amp; sunday in leicester square theatre!!
0	my gosh! nandito ako na nia 3 ang guess what? andito si mon tulfo!! lolokohin ko nga! hahaha annabelleenglish101 i shall play with him!
0	todd bertuzzi made the best of the nhl lockout wednesday, but while having his son join an
0	it makes me happy to see that ron jaworski isn't on monday night football. suck it jawsespn
0	excited for sarah g. live, and today is the 5th day of sarah g. day :)
0	officialkat you may have a few extra followers from glasgow scotland tonight. we all agree max would make a better gf than the blonde girl
0	after a truly amazing &amp; blessed 1st day athariyyah london conference we are soon to embark upon day 2!!come &amp; take time out to learn truth
0	new post on blog! hope to see you all this saturday mycloset_italia cesena! with happinessbrand fam too!...
0	i love the drive to starkville can't wait till i make it into the college in january achiversparadise onthereal
0	so glad that the classical brit awards are on itv 1 on sunday have set the record button just in case i forget to watch.
0	next tuesday night it's man city v ajax on itv followed by us election night that goes on till 6am. good job i don't have uni on wednesday
0	super sunday indeed. after the footy &amp; cricket, ss4 has buffalo-ny jets &amp; houston-denver; c4 airs ne-baltimore; bbc5lsx has houston-denver
0	on this friday morning, as i await news of my fate, i want you all to know that turbo lover is my favourite judas priest song.
0	stamp_outriders eskscheerteam all the crew at the den university of calgary will be cheering with u next sunday. go stamps go.
0	drlawyercop harthanson seems like a pretty crafty fella. if he thinks real hard, the finder fee may not be necessary!
0	theblackseeds massive congrats on the best roots album award in nz! looking forward to sharing the stage monday in melbourne town
0	*curls up next to papa on the front porch* "going through baseball withdrawal?" i ask him. "hardly, circe.... playoffs start tomorrow."
0	deniessesters: mallshow with the pbbunlimited big 4 + wendy, divine, deniesse at pacific mall legaspi landco plaza, april 30, 6pm! :)
0	mzhemingway true fact: christianity based on a man who wins by dying. we call the day of his death good friday.
0	our last draw for an hd tv is today, 24 feb., at noon. good luck, everyone! details to enter the pplhdtv comp:
0	yelling i'm so proud of my son trayvon he'll be getting acknowledge in tomorrow assembly he is student of the month. just thanking god!
0	we love free! celebrate with fox theatre for their 5th anniversary!...
0	i just hope danica meets justin tomorrow. and danielle. they both deserve it. they support justin with everything they have. jbmeetdanica
0	ericthuney you get it boy! hey, thanks for the champagne &amp; nummies...very much appreicated &amp; glad you &amp; laurin made it sunday..thanks poof
0	suprefan you hitting that com truise/bonde do role show at the echo tomorrow? just entered the last contest i could find, haha.
0	writing up my case study so i can enjoy my weekend by going to raleigh friday &amp;&amp; babysitting my favorite twi
0	going to see johncena and cmpunk along with all the other wwe superstars december 3rd in greensboro nc :)
0	cant wait to see my mami's mshannahmaree and besitos_xoxo damn might just hurt the streets of raleigh tomorrow night.
0	so glad that i slept again when my friend phoned me from gampel for the 2nd time! now i have "i know" as voicemail on my mobile. placebogig
0	may even get to watch the north london derby match at emirates for the first time next season!
0	cabin fever 2 drops tomorrow. no way it'll be better than taylor allderdice but i'm still pumped for it. realwizkhalifa
0	wish i couldve went to see miss may i tonight at house of blues -.-
0	darren800 ha ha yeah you're right! well forget pires, mulleady on saturday at kilbeggan is the next sure thing! lol if she runs of course.
0	the tri-cities fever beat the wichita wild friday night to win the intense conference championship for the second...
0	panellist from world bank presentating on understanding the potential for youth and women and wat may help guarantee success gcard2 c22
0	"muathleticstpp: kickball tournament is on its way mizzouspirit .. the tigers are coming back strong tomorrow!
0	10th grade i said nipsey hussle the best rapper out. everybody was like hell naw then when the marathon came out everybody was on his nuts
0	sharpee_jess thanks fa the love!! i'm coming to greensboro nc dec. 1-8 make a appointment ;)
0	it's the clash of the century - we're taking on love39steps and 1man2guvnors at bowling tonight. may the best show win. (us) fightingtalk
0	epithemiou hey angelos have you never thought of matching the food with wine on saturday kitchen, a perfect job for your delicate palate.
0	t_yeon9 eonni!!! please win the mama award for ost! fighting! and take care, i want to see you on jan 19... an ordinary fan from somewhere!
0	cherylcole can't wait for your tour so exited!!!! il see u on monday i hope :/ remember me camilla parker bowles lol love you so much! xxxx
0	brief-clearwire says has enough funding to last it until end q3 2013: oct 25 (reuters) - clearwire corp : * say...
0	but a very happy 21st birthday to my niece's mommy, jess. i love you with all my heart and miss payton too (who will be 1 in 12 days.)
0	jeff, joseph arthur and the amazing richard stuverud.... fox theater in bolder, november 18th. do not miss this!...
0	watching the lorax with my boys.. happy saturday
0	come support ballard field hockey in the semi-finals tomorrow at 7:15 at bellarmine! bruinfam studentsection loudandproud
0	this looks like a nice place to spend a friday afternoon..... chalet of the week, chardon, val d'isere....
0	if dontari poe runs the 40 .3 slower at the nfl combine, he's maybe a 2nd round pick. nice work chiefs.
0	perfect pairing. the singapore slingers plus the white ghost shivers august 31. tix
0	this made my day. girl scout cookie orders start on friday in md. i have an unhealthy obsession with thin mints ...
0	a new favorite: jason vernau live surfcomber march 16 th 2012 miami wmc pool party with robbie rivera &amp; friends
0	looking forward to the nest prizefighter on nov 3rd at bethnal green - light middleweights turn - 2k bonus added for each ko, incentive
0	delicious grilled cheese with ham cooked in sun dried tomato, parmesan &amp; garlic oil from olive that in montclair
0	hey gh fans, we all must support kellymonaco1 in the upcoming season of dwts, premiering tomorrow night!! the pride of port charles!!
0	who wants to go with me tomorrow night to go see thesaturdays at the roxy theater? tickets are cheep. thanks and please please please!
0	excited for halloween tomorrow i am going to be jake from state farm
0	won the 400 and the 200 and came 2nd in the 800 at tayside and fife championships!
0	every time i listen to promise by romeo santos the 1st person who comes to mind is manndy23 :))
0	arsenal_tickets i know its a long shot but can anyone help with a ticket to the north london derby on nov 17? i'd be forever grateful
0	mygoldmusic can you play wah wah or bware of darkeness by george harrison tomorrow please :)
0	ok, party people, who's going to be at jeff timmons' last wired show tomorrow night? show him some love if you're in town! :)
0	popshifter crazypants. got to the 7th, saw kermit play bullets. beautiful area
0	working in the bi nam exhibition again tomorrow and photographing the new exhibition at turner house in the eve, excited!
0	i hope that rammstein gets played on the wedding dancefloor tomorrow. that would mean 4 of my teenage booze mates will have had it
0	looking for some free fun? come to abronsartsctr friday to see the classic camp films "cobra woman" &amp; "jungle island."
0	giruaro silly string / silly season. love an owl story. fancy watching the football in bethnal green on sunday..?
0	will courtneysager3 aubskidoodle heath0123 major_peter or any other ses grads be at the fhsu vs. ksu wbb game tomorrow?! comeseeme :)
0	lowering the bar may have found the first recusal motion to cite girl scout cookies. thin mints are criminally good.
0	save the night, save the day. save the love, come what may. love is worth everything we pay. tebaklagu duet barat *clue, ost.nya zorro*
0	skatenight tonight 8pm stardust skate center free b4 9:30pm hosted by saab its always fun when you rolling!!! haha x1
0	congrats jimmydykeslive on your new contract. can believe this is you 18th season at espn. time flies. always delighted to see you at rupp.
0	kerrycupcake you off to cork ? have lots of fun &amp; safe trip, you've done a lot since your 1st meet at eurosong haha
0	may not know spanish but shit whenever i listen to il divo i just want to flash my scarlet!
0	hopefully i have a better day tomorrow...today was just cow shit. well...im going to big bang concert so of course it's gonna be bomb!
0	last day of our max conference here at twickers with mark and eric up presenting the roadmap after an awesome 1st day yesterday maxcc
0	tomorrow venus will eclipse in front of the sun, an important cosmic event that will prepare humanity for the...
0	congrats to trey haley, shawn armstrong (sarmstrong90), and alex monsalve for being named to the afl's rising stars team. game is sat 8pm
0	going to olive garden with my family! so happy it's my 15th birthday!
0	jrmahathir cakap je. can we do it on tuesday ? im in melaka. i really want to be in the picture... please. *u may copy and paste this*
0	an exciting day tomorrow punchestownrace oscars well making his chase debut and operating first time out over hurdles!! fingerscrossed
0	with a 7-2 win last night, the norfolk admirals tied the american hockey league record with their 17th consecutive win. fantastic stuff.
0	normally i prefer a spot of rammstein on a sunday morning - perfect for doing the ironing or a spot of aggressive furniture polishing.
0	ernasty49 great season, it's been a pleasure listening to volare in the 9th inning! mas ernasty ano q viene!
0	love this song! one of my favorites for sure. can't wait to see you tomorrow at the roxy! (youtube
0	we get garner 1st round. got to beat the beat to be the best!! adhs_football adn
0	interesting: sacha baron cohen to play freddie mercury in the latter's biopic
0	today i came to the world of television, who knows, but may be very soon i will be interviewing big time rush? i wish this all my soul! &lt;3
0	funfunfunfest is coming up this weekend!! we're super excited! playing the blue stage on sat night right before a$ap rocky!
0	performing tomorrow at the harold washington cultural center with smitty_lp come support the team
0	are there any aussie directioners from canberra?? going there on the 12th of september would love to meet some more aussie directioners &lt;3
0	show up at our 2nd shop and dan is listening to rammstein...today is going to rule du duhast duhastmich
0	big day tomorrow! rvc wbb get their national championship rings and an exciting new era of mbb begins! good luck coachdoty and coach opat!
0	metropcs launches the galaxy s iii on october 22, price is $499: good news for metropcs cust... more after redirect
0	we're excited about our cinemonkeys session before the lorax next wed 31st - perfect half term entertainment! cm 12.30pm, lorax at 1.30pm
0	i love thursdays....grey's anatomy....one day closer to friday.....and no driving to huntsville.
0	rtesoccer robbie keane saying he always knew germany was going to finish 1st in the group!!! winningmentality coybig
0	jessicaeven alright, ill go to ticketek tomorrow and sus it for you :)
0	il divo - somewhere i am going to see them in dubai friday ,,love ,adore them
0	hey la music folks. you going to hardsummer aug 4&amp;5 losangeles' most significant music festival. go destructo!
0	piersmorgan come on pires! enjoy the show! shout out to people in the u.k. and ireland wouldn't go astray! it's almost 3 am on a sunday!
0	glad martin showed up though. hopefully it will work out in the long run. get out there tomorrow night! thunderup
0	just saw won't back down the 2nd time! wow! viola davis and maggie gyllenhaal are phenomenal! even better the 2nd time! amazing cast too!!!
0	if your in huntsville that halloween discount is valid in person jus hit me up &amp; you'll get it tomorrow
0	come on out this saturday and support us in the semi-finals round of the battle of the effn rock ii concert...
0	may have a man crush on ace! like how is someone just naturally tht sweet! hehasfourbrot laurel tavern
0	practicing with marana tomorrow, should be interesting, black pack all the way!
0	looking forward to facing ms. allysin kay this saturday in petrolia!! come check it out!
0	tonights friday family movie night is journey 2, the mysterious island! looks promising!
0	i am squeeing at the latest bioshock infinite trailer, it may usurp the original's place in my top 5 games ever. iglevine is a genius.
0	mushu at the hurricane wearing tressa's rockstar bday foam guitar after our show last saturday. we killed it
0	jenmorrisonlive oh, are we gonna have any august &amp; emma scene on "tallahassee"? just a yes or no and i'll be happy (happier if it's a yes)!
0	is that lady in the 1st scene of wanderlust w/ jennifer aniston &amp; paul rudd the lady from mel's diner? if so, i am so happy to see her.
0	watching freaky friday again with danica. hernewfavoritemovie think 5 is too young to explain how good lindsey lohan had it before drugs?
0	thanks for advising! rtellenbobellen 1st formal chapter of the yr went well. excited to be advising beta chi chp at university of denver
0	tune in tomorrow for a brand new kena pluck!!!! this one is good! also, michelle chong brings 'almost famous' to the oscars!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
0	going to watch connor run the 4x100m relay in state athletics championships at olympic park tomorrow. wishing him luck!! runforrestrun
0	state farm may have the discount double check but thanks to my wife i have the hotel room triple check no socks left behind
0	we're excited for thursday's gadget equivalent to the oscars - the stuff awards. see which gizmos made the shortlist...
0	on this night of fine footy finals for the nrl &amp; afl, may i take a moment to say the first round of super rugby is only 148 sleeps away :)
0	i like who i am now. other people may not. i'm comfortable. i feel freer now. i don't want growing older to matter to me. - meryl streep
0	"gabrielmaturan5: catch me on sarah g live this sunday!! hehe ingat guys! goodnight! love you!! :****"
0	okay. my sister is freaking out because allstar isn't playing at the wildwood show tomorrow lmfaoooo!
0	sharmaro84 sharon, hi, you may be interested in this ----&gt; jeff timmons on paul and matty show
0	wifey &amp; princess are going up to granda's for thanksgiving today. i go sunday. i think i'll watch goon!
0	can't wait to see cherlloyd at the house of blues september 18th! stoked
0	i'm gonna just don it during school tomorrow. math in tok, history in math and bio, and spanish during lunch. yup that sounds about right.
0	is paul george gonna take the t-mac step in his 3rd year? hope so
0	remittancegirl what *i'd* like would be for you to do one of those cooking segments on saturday kitchen. that looked marvellous. maydeva
0	king24george i'm excited to get my paul george jersey signed by you sunday at the fan jam!
0	adrian__one thanks for the kind words dude :),see you in december and on soundwave.
0	kibsta91 was at barnet for edgar davids' debut on friday then fa cup yesterday. blog very nice, thanks. you had much feedback on the first?
0	i remember having to watch the daytona 500 for mr. hoak's class in 7th grade. goodtimes ashleyhoak
0	psych and garage rock fans will love thevacantlots lovelybadtweets &amp; __cosmonauts__ at the echo on nov 6th! tix
0	oh great, weather warning for tayside and i'm going to dundee tomorrow. hope i don't get stranded up there help
0	omg journey 2: the mysterious island is on dvd monday! i love that film!
0	louroberg hey lou i got a good deal on a bunker i can sell you on nov 7th rightwingparanoia
0	huffingtonpost: tomorrow venus, jupiter, and the moon will align for a brilliant night show
0	southwoodellie louisechall love first friday of the month! is this your last arraignment day lou? newsworthy list to finish with if so!
0	1d have a surprise for aussie directioners with whispers they may return to the australian xfactor! (via navigating1d)
0	oneil's barber &amp; beauty will be open monday 10am and not closing to the last person leave! wegrind
0	looking forward to inspiring the makeup artists of tomorrow with my red carpet workshop at makeupsfx in liverpool as guest lecturer
0	ayyyyye!!! baby girl fresh will be at the house of blues in december! make sure yall come out and support!
0	so ms.sea (however you spell her name) from berkmar left and now is sn ap at lanier and i skipped 4th period and stayed in her office (: lol
0	the 1st article pointed out to me for my fb page dedicated to the announcer at bethnal green - hoping the 1st of many!
0	i watched good deeds again today with nomusamtshali.. thanks for coming through girl, was having a boring sunday before you came through..
0	getting very very excited for the birdcage tomorrow at derby!
0	good afternoon everyone it's monday afternoon and i'm live on the airwaves of amfm till 4pm. hello and welcome to amy lee in the afternoon.
0	i hope y'all come 2 take ur loved one 2 the doctor day at liacouras center saturday. i gotta be there at 730am &amp; need entertainment!!!
0	i like what i've seen today in nns race! we have us a 2nd groove with side by side, sometimes 3 wide on front stretch, racing! nascar fb
0	on 9/18/2007, john anthony zacchara arrived in port charles in the form of brandonbarash ! everybody go wish him a happy 5th anniv on gh!
0	fuck yes the girl scouts just came to my door. and i may or may not have bought ten boxes of thin mints....
0	carlos marin on fb 16 september 2012 thanks you salzburg for such beautiful il divo concert yesterday xxx gracias...
0	so proud my alma mater is hosting the 1st debate this wednesday! debate 2012 | university of denver
0	come spend halloween with us at volare! the robbie bartlett trio will be here for your enjoyment! wednesday is...
0	x factor, home made goodies, jacuzzi and sacha baron cohen. perfect saturday evening with suzieinnocent
0	edgar davids (39) made a successful return after a 2-year absence by leading barnet to its 1st league win of the season: 4-0 vs northampton.
0	please be reminded that all proceeds from the kickball tournament benefits the 5th annual "i know i can" back-to-school drive aug 25.
0	mayhem!! live in the mix tomorrow thursday night oct 25 at warehouse 29 in greensboro nc!!!! be there!
0	demigodv4to ohh :d i just came back from melaka :d will go to sepang tomorrow -.-
0	jimmy_choo2 glam girls want to invited everyone to enjoy halloween with them tomorrow at the grenader on riverview and rosedale from 5-8pm
0	daniel_dennehy just saw u with cannavaro, didn't know u were here in italy! congratz for being the 2nd best in the world!!! legend
0	pacers had a very solid 4th quarter comeback victory. paul george played fantastic in the 1st quarter but disappeared after that
0	teafortree goon is always a good idea! it will probably taste better than the $10 bottle of vodka i have for tomorrow...
0	attn: hicksville tiger schulmann's finally has it's power back! classes will resume as normal tomorrow. we...
0	i love that boy ! jacob just sat in the bck and was laughing
0	i'm late but, i just watched "good deeds" for the 1st time. awesome movie! cried thru most of it. turned 30 and got sensitive as hell.
0	sunday was the first cooler-than-normal day bdr in october. this morning was the coldest one of the season.
0	leoraheilbronn broadwaybabyto i think the stroke of brilliance in casting may wind up being sacha baron cohen
0	thanks to ek, car now smells delish!! if you bottled this, it'd be called saturday night dorm bathroom; its spokesman would be john belushi.
0	thanks! bsu_stdtaff: join dean paulakrebs on tues 10/16 from 4-5:30 in bdr for the dean's q-tea in honor of nat'l coming out day bsulife
0	world bank praises electricity access improvements in malaysia from previous 59th now it is 28th in position bnbagus
0	this may be the happiest day of my life i'm so proud of my ncs football brother you did something i never had a chance to do
0	da 1st chinese song ever that interests me ^ ^ --&gt; .. this is ost for drama in time with you,n the drama was good! :)
0	actually the only things that survive would be cockroaches, twinkees and keith richards. happy friday!
0	as port charles struggles to come to grips with jason's disappearance...a shocking return! tomorrow's episode is can't miss! watch gh!
0	like a good neighbor state farm is there, with an alarm clock that'll actually wake me up tomorrow.
0	kapoorkkunal looking fwd to watching it sometime soon in bkk. :-) have a super friday and weekend ahead! lotsa love :d
0	my infant son is def keeping wife and up "up all night" - a little sleepy today. the book "happiest baby on the block" has been very helpful
0	barrefaeli could you wish a friend happy birthday? :) his name is laurin! it's his 18th birthday and he's a big fan. thanks in advance!
0	looking forward to the judd apatow guest edited issue of vanity fair in january. expecting lots of lena dunham, paul rudd, leslie mann, etc.
0	the wichita wild still have a shot to make the play offs? looking forward to saturday's game! bet some ww players get nfl contracts.
0	catch me on sarah g live this sunday!! hehe ingat guys! goodnight! love you!! :****
0	listening to ni**as in paris [explicit] by jay z and kanye happy 1st birthday to the throne
0	i may need a co-owner but she has to be good in english, and to post a lot of lou, lux, tom, etc.. pics ! :)
0	lysscarto18 watch out for jeff carter he may try to mount!
0	ah yes, sexy saturday in the turner house....
0	il divo, the classical crossover quartet live in istanbul september 27.great music in a wonderful concert area.
0	- people are saying it's one of the best shows they've ever seen!! "brothers grimm spectaculathon" at east, saturday at 7pm!! be there.
0	rsvp for the annual dinner closes this monday! be sure you register via the website asap :)
0	star ships were made to flyyyy nowaynicki congrats you passed 1st grade.
0	black actresses shine at the 19th annual elle magazine women in hollywood celebration octavia spencer, viola davis and
0	like a good neighbor state farm is there...with a check for the damage to my truck...hopefully tomorrow!
0	cherylcole lmao......hope your enjoying the sun! love you so much :) proudsoldier camilla parker bowles lol xxx
0	watching sat morning tv, i would love james martin to cook me breakfast, even though i'm from lancashire &amp; he's a yorkie, i still would:-)!
0	killerjayify lol thats dedication :) mind you i have paid for bioshock infinite in june and thats not out till feb lol
0	kelly_phelan nice to meet you! best wishes from guatemala! il divo will be here in concert for the 1st time ever on the 28th! i'm going! :d
0	tomorrow i am off to petrolia to see "the waltons" lol and over to london for evans side of family reunion.
0	no videos tomorrow, except for one. and, honestly, it is the biggest thing to happen to the group since we moved to making lp videos.
0	steve martin, dan aykroyd, chevy chase, john belushi one of the best comedians in sat night live..
0	are you coming to our book swap on thursday night? you should, it is fucking ace:
0	now off for some hiking in the black forest ~ have a nice sunday! :)
0	mssarahredshaw our new, delicious dishes may be alright: (check with your doc first!) ramenwins
0	day 3 of ade so far so good!..... start things going this friday morning we have ferry corsten on the panel !
0	regionals game at panther stadium tomorrow night! everyone go and support our panthers!! but you have to be loud! derby vs. north! playoffs
0	congrats!!! to the philippine patriots for winning over singapore slingers last saturday... go patriots!!! :)
0	good work tonight boys. wish i could have been out there. let's take bob jones monday and get some momentum for regionals. ttums
0	ricky ponting says he's in the best shap of his life and is ready to take on ... - herald sun
0	off out for the afternoon to visit all our referring dentists in the bethnal green area. got a day off tomorrow so have a great weekend all.
0	tellsbells1 cup games always tricky..may b stick a small acca for fun and enjoy the evening with a nice wine bottle :)
0	pitch darn well sent. holidays can begin. rick stein's for dinner tomorrow night! see you in a week
0	you can also catch me in room 2 at amplified sessions v club, bournemouth next friday, supporting roger sanchez in the main room!
0	i had such a great time tonight that i've decided to keep celebrating! join me at volare this wed and thurs! bring your food donation!
0	brian may confirms that sacha baron cohen will play freddie mercury in a film about the late, great queen singer:
0	turns out olive garden's dinner for tonight and tomorrow is more like dinner for tonight and later tonight.
0	fantastic friday at nca! school was dismissed early due to preparation for our homecoming game tonight! jenyouben
0	have had two very enjoyable nights of carling cup action with arsenal last night and cfc this. will qpr v reading on sunday live up to it..?
0	my saturday just got better, brighter and bolder.
0	another chelsea vs manchesterunited today for the 4th round of the carling cup!! don't miss out
0	alexahorannxx aww! im just kidding with you! ;) and yeeessss! you don't have school tomorrow? thalia doesn't either!
0	jangleton come to book swap on thursday. all of twitter will be there. all the best ones, anyway.
0	. kyusslives may just be the ultimate face melting summer rock band. can't wait to see them again at soundwave
0	cherylcole i love you! thatisall its me camilla parker bowles remember? lol see you monday i hope! *fingers crossed* xxxx
0	star wishes all the students at brandeisu a stressfree time registering for classes. may sage be with you brandeis_lts
0	may i ask what's so cool about a$ap rocky?
0	dingle_berry19 good to hear. i'm racing saturday in new castle at blue diamond. then have a big ride day sun with one of our distributors.
0	cherylcole im meeting you again on monday :) hope you remember me camilla parker bowles lol im gettin a taxi again :/ love you so much xxxx
0	especially nice to have rosedale dcpl open in the neighborhood while ne branch at 7th &amp; maryland is closed for renovations.
0	happy 3rd monthsary loverss! :) salamat sa pag support ky ate deniessejoaquin :) all for deniesse, all for the love.
0	waymobomber cool, what you like about red hot shot tonight? i like dundeel tomorrow for the derby
0	lldubs wishin my first stop was port charles!!! only thru the dvr "portal"!! happy friday!
0	happy monday! start your week off right with a deltaview on the world bank's lowered growth forecast for china:
0	so into this movie "good deeds" i may be in love with tyler perry....'s talent.
0	looking forward to seeing all our potential 4:19 participants next saturday for our free taster at the joseph wright center.
0	i'll stop the retweets. great screening. big audience at l sq. next showing rich mix, our spiritual home. awards on sat. curzon mayfair sun.
0	i'm taking the sat at bob jones. lol i feel cool.
0	timmyhillracer good luck in the nns race tomorrow! i'll be cheering you on as always!! :)
0	rafvdvaart hope you are fit for sunday, 3pts against arsenal, better than watching the carling cup final
0	congrats to team spleaders for winning the kickball tournament that was held october 6th!
0	tressawill good morning tressa! hope that you have a fabulous friday!
0	the sun is shining in cornwall today, perfect for a walk in padstow &amp; grabbing rick stein's fish &amp; chips on the way -
0	doug wead we are not out, we are up! the fight has just begun! vote ron paul tomorrow tuesday 5/15 in or &amp; ne peace
0	ok so the votes for allstar coach are coming in tomorrow.send good energy.i really want this silly super important thing.
0	ahhh! my mom said yes for me to go the a$ap rocky concert!! nov 8th we out! excited
0	had a great conversation the other day with zach from bridgestone arena about the preds game on the 25th see ya there wchardin philfry
0	kwamedidit: friday oct 19th!!!! the alumni will be rocking philly!!!!! free show the liacouras center 7pm classic hip hop!
0	bowling doubles tomorrow. hope everything will be good tomorrow. let the luck be with us. sukipt2012
0	good luck to the dunfermlinewolves players that have their fife and tayside trials tomorrow. show them what you can do itsyourtime
0	fashion against aids h&m released tomorrow online..i want that aztec print jacket..so not me but so colourful!
0	hear keynote speaker doug wead this saturday, june 16th at e2 the event. don't miss it!
0	jamielynndrohan will miss ya on the red carpet tomorrow!! nashville
0	the hottest open mic is teaming up with the hottest organization in tallahassee. you don't want to be left out. join us next friday 10pm!!
0	here's a great bioshock infinite trailer for those of you that need a tease while waiting for it's february...
0	you know what? goon may be a low brow comedy, but it was fun as hell. go netflix it.
0	skatenight tonight 8pm stardust skate center free b4 9:30pm hosted by saab its always fun when you rolling!!! haha x2
0	november super tour: nov 10-11: rockwell ten; nov 9, 16, 23: abs-cbn friday market. meet super tuyo and friends! see you! :-)
0	therealnyager kjomd haha the bucs c'mon the t wolves are way better than them love rubio ak 47 derrick williams b roy !! shved is good 2
0	my feeling about fears is, if you voice your fears, they may come true. i'm superstitious enough to believe that. - meryl streep
0	highlight of my day was buying my ticket to see ferry corsten and markus schulz clubglow november 10th trancefamily
0	what a comeback by the airasia ph patriots. down 15 late in 2nd &amp; 9 after 3, the pats won 90-84 over the singapore slingers
0	moving to covina in december things are looking up rite about now!:)
0	goin to the east playoff game tomorrow.:)
0	delicious warm sun...great to see you (if only briefly) after hurricane sandy whipped through here a couple hours ago.
0	just bought my ticket to go m watch the romeo santos concert in theater. nov 5 needs to hurry up!! i'm so excited
0	michael clarke looked reasonabley comfortable against the gordon cc 1st grade attack today.. player cheersforthenetboys
0	alright run it mek we done it!!! ambozia july 7 oneil's place (bar,karaoke &amp; lounge) maddd rasss
0	can't wait for skyfall 1st of nov! is listening to the ost on spotify considered a spoiler? i =p fb
0	i'm in petrolia. the sun's out, isn't that bright enough for you? :p
0	niallofficial huum if you're hungry, come to tunisia we have delicious food here! huum nialler always eat :o c'mon!
0	=) "keeyatami: i get lovestruck with deniesse and slater. swear. they look cute. plus i can relate to deniesse pacute to her crush, slater"
0	so glad i walked past the girl scout table today. it's a much better saturday knowing i'm one box of thin mints richer.
0	for the 2nd weekend in a row norwich city get a lucky break. still wouldn't be surprised if villa win but norwich got to get something now
0	everyone show up again tomorrow that chardon game was too much fun to not do it again!! beavercentral pride
0	mayoroflondon: join in tomorrow at the exciting london children's book swap events for families who love to read ld...
0	so exo-m is going to nanjing tomorrow okay can
0	thanks to those who came down today!! thanks for the love tonight!! bkk bound now!! see ya party people next wednesday!! tgiw &lt;3 ghetto :)
0	big congrats goes out to tampa bay damage for 2nd place at cup and 2nd place overall in the paintball sports...
0	arronohare hi matey appreciate you passing on my biz cards around work ! we have enough food until friday in the turner house !
0	emme's 10th birthday cake :) with big time rush! via pinterest
0	reminder- we hope to see you tomorrow night at volstead! details on our fb page at
0	i just got excited because i found out that amy lee's birthday is the 13th of decemember. guys, that is a day before my birthday! so close!!
0	amironabike i'd have gladly chummed you, but i'm bikeless in tayside this weekend. free tuesday and flexible wednesday.
0	jbaconsulting we had great set of talks &amp; tour of the new lock &amp; water recycling plant yesterday at olympic park. the sun even came out!
0	just unloaded jimando at flemington, fighting fit and ready for the derby tomorrow! bringiton
0	clever! || australian captain michael clarke teams up with louis vuitton in special cricket trunk design | herald sun:
0	vote for ut for college game day visiting. we are 10th and texas a&m is 1. get on it
0	rkhooks thanks rachel. will give it a try! loving the book &amp; the saturday kitchen repeats... littlepariskitchen lyon
0	monday already. that's ok - at volare restaurant chicago we have the perfect meal waiting for you today. we...
0	thank you "happiest baby on the block". i may sleep a couple hours tonight due to your teaching!
0	voted jean dujardin is my favorite for best actor in a film in comedyawards. watch it on comedycentral may 6 at 9/8c.
0	ponting may make history fir australian cricket: &lt;p&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt;ricky ponting could break steve waugh&amp;nbsp;s re...
0	having a long overdue cd upload session. by tomorrow my ipod will be blessed with pil, george harrison and disco inferno :)
0	thank you abs-cbn and bcwmh for the fantastic episode today. tomorrow again. i can't wait to...
0	happiest baby on the block class is being offered at national nanny training day april 28th
0	tell me you ain't excited! the twins in eurosong final! they gonna win the 1st place!
0	good eats on deck 2day. volare 4 lunch. maya del sol 4 dinner. i was smart 2 wear black. i may look like i'm w/ child by the end of the day
0	love billy crystal introducing the 1st game of the world series.
0	mom, can i miss a1 on thursday? if you love me you'll say yes. hopefultweet
0	classic! kwamedidit: friday oct 19th!!!! the alumni will be rocking philly!!!!! free show the liacouras center 7pm classic hip hop!
0	ashram3072 wow!!! gosh i may have to watch the oscars =)) from what movie?
0	looking at the irbsevens results from the gold coast is getting me excited for going at twickers in may :d
0	the roxy is alive with the sound of music this sunday at 1.30pm. this is the last chance to see it on the big...
0	argo is set to receive best film, director and writing noms at the oscars, at the very least. and may be, art direction.
0	pineapples &amp; mangos for pre-breakfast, getting some work done, then heading to the ritz carlton for sunday brunch :).
0	how cool. movies under the stars at adelaide oval... if i was in sa tomorrow night i would be all over this:
0	misspawee yes, it's doable. i was at bkk from march 1-4 at night then flew to europe on march 5 in the morning.
0	circe 2008. the day i got my acceptance letter to u of o. can't believe tomorrow i'll be taking my last test
0	i may record the first few episodes of the next lp tomorrow. wanted to get more info ready, but i'm think i'm good with what i have.
0	ronpaul campaign manager doug wead: contrary to media lies, doing just great with delegates even after super tuesday
0	meryl streep is like the coolest woman ever!! i want to be related to her! may go watch itscomplicated
0	love taking a youtube break next day hd tv will be here and saturday will be a beast vid
0	no worries it's goin down friday night club visions.! greensboro nc.!
0	hope my interview go a1 tomorrow , i really want this job .
0	so excited to be at the bold manor with boldacademy team, preparing for bolder arrival on sunday! (via cloe_shasha)
0	harrisstyle00 going holiday eh ? haha going to melaka tomorrow :)
0	colliinnn and he hasn't lost a match since apr 2nd last year, that's consistent, and never forgetting cannavaro, the 1st defender to win it
0	congrats to the teams who competed at nccdc7, including 1st place u. of washington, 2nd place us air force academy and 3rd place texas a&m!
0	missjillscott it's ok; i understand. i though i was gonna die when i sat so close to the stage at your concert in greensboro last friday!
0	happy friday! if i could make those words any bigger or bolder, i would! lol :) have a great weekend all of our pjd friends!
0	they are truly changing the world one life at a time. if you're in mesa, az tomorrow come join me and my friend collinraye for a fun night!
0	briellewatkins i think you can get them on ticketek? and they go on sale tomorrow.. i think... :)
0	skatenight tonight 8pm stardust skate center free b4 9:30pm hosted by saab its always fun when you rolling!!! haha x5
0	sportsnation just wont let jeremy evans dunkface go. this is the 3rd time ive seen it all week. still funny though
0	good chat this morning with johnleebrandon about cifc's terrific run in the fa youth cup. lead report in friday's echo.
0	jackalltimelow can't wait for alltimelow to hit up az on sunday! let the debauchery begin!
0	tressa and libby are here but we split up today and we will meet up tomorrow night.i like it here, its alot like minnesota.
0	maria20070 bitch u shoulda came with me saturday sooooo much fun. met romeo santos lmao na i met his look a like
0	the comedians from chelsea lately will be at the fox theatre tomorrow! i'm so excited!
0	so cabinfever2 isn't as good as the 1st one...it's better than taylor allderdice tho krdzn
0	nasa measures extragalactic background light! awesome implications for understanding the big bang better!
0	allimartens haha dude it was mental, by far easiest defensive driving course created. yeah i heard thalia and caroline are coming thursday!
0	jungle island makes good on $2 million payment: jungle island made good wednesday on its promise to the miami city...
0	got nothing going on friday night? good cause now you do! come on down black forest in eugene. if 100 people show...
0	ni**as in paris. may be better than the original. via devour
0	haha.... mum gave me my work wage for tomorrow for ticketek so that i don't go to work (if that made any sense) just to stay home. thanks
0	we have another skate class this monday at the skate center! it's from 6:30-7:30! bring yourself and your kids, fun times will be had!
0	eleanorc_crew get well soon tressa! have a nice day tomorrow :))
0	start your weekend off right at east tonight with pure friday. enjoy delicious graze dining from 6pm and...
0	world bank approves us$50 million for improving compliance with industrial wastewater treatment regulations in vietnam - oct 25th
0	pals knock2bag tonight at rich mix! come and hang out. also you can catch me on russell howard's good news tonight and tomorrow.
0	hello everyone.tuesday night like always beef kabob special it is delicious,acoustic open mic with brian ruskin...
0	movies tomorrow with jacob :) seeing paranormal activity 4, hopefully i don't pee myself ._.
0	anathehabibti that's me exactly! hahaha...6th and 7th grade everyone made fun of me then it was all "edward omg, jacob 4 lyfe" s t o p
0	listening bear mccreary battlestar galactica' ost makes me wanna see this amazing tvshow again. one day i'll see it for the 4th time :p bsg
0	teenystweeting see you tomorrow in port charles hope you're enjoying big brother :)
0	wrapping up a 14 hour day in huntsville. love watching the labs and my students work. can't wait for more tomorrow. woohoo! thealienlife
0	cant wait for the match tomorrow, bring on the barnet and bring on edgar davids!
0	hot30sgo1denticket may the odds be ever in your favour aussie directioners!
0	the lakings hve been so good on nhl13 that the real team might disappoint me. jeff carter has 43 goals thru january. isthatpossible
0	glad its friday, but i wanna go to the ncs game... no fun when there isn't anything to do..
0	at noon today, you'll know why youcount tune in to abs-cbn to see the 1st tvc of the biggest &amp; d' brightest bpo employer in ph convergys
0	on modern family, when sofia yelled ''c'mon estella'' and ran into the pool, omg i laughed like never before.
0	twoglovesgolf awesome round and congrats on your 1st tour victory! enjoy the ritz carlton and kapalua plantation course...you've earned it!
0	just had the amazing jessgallagher86 pick up her bespoke fascinator for derby tomorrow, love this time of year melbcupcarnival
0	flashback friday:the dallas stars settle victoriously in to their new digs at the aac. watch: first game
0	tomorrow night at the roxy come check out the saturdays 9pm you won't be disappointed! vanessathesats...
0	going to ace tomorrow's paper with no mercy at all
0	stimulating &amp; promising speech of the world bank's president jim yong kim in the annual meeting held in tokyo on oct 12
0	jimmiejohnson do you expect tomorrow's last lap to be action-packed like today's nns? a g-w-c would be interesting. thrillingclimax
0	btw come rock with us on sat in covina. ill be in costume. wear yours as well so i don't feel like in 12z
0	danicaposadas aww thank you danica! you are an amazing person with so much talent and love! hope to see you in miami this coming march.
0	just writing a preview for saturday's visit of barnet, can't help but get excited about the visit of edgar davids. he was a childhood icon.
0	last tuesday we asked "who is the greatest england captain ever?" and the winner is steven gerrard (50% of votes). 2nd place for bobby moore
0	commit2mitt bus tour stops: avon lake, fairview park, mentor, chardon &amp; kent. hope to see you there tomorrow!
0	sambraik96 won twice on the last day to stay up. finished 10th and carling cup final. sent west ham down!!! lot of good times, more to come
0	see robbie keane jumping off the bench claiming that 4th goal!! greathattickfromrobbie
0	nov 16th in natchitoches, la. ya boy putting da belt on da line. it's going down. i want my people to be there... get at me!!! whoopwhoop!!
0	gamewank_jim james martin could have you on saturday morning kitching 'this will go wonderfully with the lamb; a real musty scrote aroma'
0	sacha baron cohen to star as freddie mercury. he's the only one for the role, imho. via zee
0	i think big bang should tell us where they're celebrating top's birthday on sunday so vips can come celebrate together with them ^^ lol
0	how do you say, "delicious!!" in spanish? riogrind is gonna have guanacotruck hanging out on saturday. latin fever!
0	hillyhill4 oh ok, my husband love going to the valley, his b-day n jan. sounds good to me
0	they may not be the best looking of preds but they sure are comfy and snug!! worth it plus swag colours!
0	thanks for making this snowy day so pleasant! echo and penny will be in friday morning at 10!
0	mtsu just beat wku 34-29. the sun belt is really starting to get interesting. have to take care of business on saturday! packattack
0	oh snap! another sunday pool party at shore club in miami with ryan morales, jason vernau and ollie sanders!!! we'll see you out there!
0	fab review of the wonderful kneehigh's production of steptoe &amp; son in today's echo. runs until sat. don't miss!
0	i wish i lived with laurin randle...i dnt see her enough after 5th period.!
0	"everyone deserves somebody who makes them look forward to tomorrow" for rushers, it's big time rush :)
0	buy 1 get 1 free tiket the greatest hits tour blue, a1, & jeff timmons 98 degrees only for tommorow 19 feb puri mall & pondok indah mall 1
0	catherinem0601 yes but we have lots of fun planned for sat. james martin will be on top form with saturday kitchen plus a big surprise tba!
0	don't forget to get your self out to bettyvirginia park tomorrow 10am for the kickball tournament! ipittythefoolthatcantkickitoldschool
0	its my birthday on the east coast now. i was born est, so i get to party now. i live on the west coast so the party will last till monday
0	erinsfoodfiles have you read happiest baby on block? opkitchen gave to me. it's great! you need it. i'll bring to u tomorrow if u haven't
0	field trip to october 12! breakfast at jungle island,meet deca members from other schools and find out what deca is all about :)
0	the heat are playing the 3rd quarter so fast and free that game 5 is starting to look like the nba all-star game. nbafinals
0	attn: friends and fans! come join me at birdy's thursday night 9:30 for a night of acoustic music!! would love the support! hope to see u!
0	i wish the nhl and nhlpa to come to an agreement so i can go to dallas to see my dallas stars in march
0	semi-finals, then championship game tomorrow if we make it that far, we will
0	can it be february 26th already? bioshock infinite looks amazing.
0	and on top of it all, my horoscope is super positive and my coffee is so delicious today. hey, wednesday. we can get along!
0	good morning all. the sun is out today in tayside. hope you all have a great day today
0	tomorrow is gameday &amp; its gonna be a good one so come out &amp; support covina at san dimas for a big game in the season letsgetthatwin xd
0	i think i'm going to watch the artist for the 5th time in 2 weeks 2nite before i got to sleep. &lt;3 jean dujardin &amp; his charming smile :d haha
0	jeromepugmire 2nd half in tsl_lemag match with pires: he takes me out from behind, only yellow card of game. 10" scar still proud on calf
0	had a great weekend with the family. went to the ritz carlton which is the best hotel ever. thanks mom i enjoyed myself. sat by the band
0	jacqdowling cougfantmb i finished 1st in a bowling 101 class of 50 that included members of the bowling team... you're totally effed.. :d
0	justinbieber 194days till i see you at believetour at london o2 arena on march 7th&lt;3
0	_bree_ness i think i'll go to thalia tomorrow and look for tlos and then i'll buy it again and be happy :)
0	usa+canada tour starts today!!! super pumped! greensboro nc kicks it off tonight! tomorrow asheville then atl on sunday!
0	sunday dining is always amazing at volare restaurant chicago with friends and family. we recommend starting your...
0	josephd828 ha! dont panic on all-star game just yet. could be still in play. tomorrow is the day to worry about that.
0	jam at the blue diamond. tomgrant band will thrill and delight patrons and jammers alike. good excuse to get out of the house. ne 20th&amp;sandy
0	just finished making a possible pre game cd for tomorrow nights game against bob jones, thats how ready i am for the game goodnight
0	nataliealana87 it just started last night. meryl streep's daughter is the main character (ie meredith) 1st episode was quite good.
0	our last draw for an hd tv is today, 24 feb., at noon. good luck, everyone! details to enter the pplhdtv comp:
0	soccer saturday with our son. they're playing the hardest team in the league. then the all-star game. proudparents
0	gavinrossdale good morning gavin! welcome to my country. have a good time in gampel. sorry can't make it tonight but will see you monday :)
0	toni gonzaga is all smiles here in legazpi!! (snapshot from the video i took, swerte ni kuya, may pic w/ toni g)
0	up all night live is on september 28th on nick to all you aussie directioners :)
0	"allencarlanz: myrtlegail will be on sarah g live this sunday. don`t forget to watch :3. she will have her first ever duet with sarah g. :p
0	daniellejbrear yeah best way! yeah i had my first one on 6th, 2 days after my birthday. it's really good! love it! went on a1 yesterday xx
0	don't forget to see 'the exorcist' at the fox theatre on tuesday! there's nothing like seeing it on the big screen.
0	enjoy your networking? cocktails with pandas or beers at adelaide oval on the agenda at innovationgeneration
0	chillin in traffic listening to wiz. taylor allderdice is my favorite mix tape of his. actually it may be in my top 10 period
0	echo entertainment news: jade wright previews the best programmes on tv tonight (thursday): anyone who accuses c...
0	sararosinsky hey come to tallahassee saturday. good, it's decided then.
0	it's tuesday night in athens! aka karaoke night at the volstead so come see me!!
0	well, it's monday again folks :-/ start of week 4 at ou! but, it's a new week in salem &amp; port charles! woo! days gh! morning all! :)
0	ramadan mubarak to all muslims who have began early. may allah bless our souls now and forever with good deeds.
0	i'm going to ace my anatomy test tomorrow!
0	sept 8 las vegas hard rock, randall "the ko king" bailey vs devon alexander. 37 year old bailey looking good in his 4 win streak.
0	livecholfc dirk_18_kuyt jamespearceecho has to be the hat-trick against manu....and in a very close 2nd the carling cup final goal :o)
0	oh god, i want bioshock infinite right now. february is far, far too long to wait.
0	i watched sarah g live again, i noticed d end na may disiplina talaga ang mga popsters_fsg, nag-aantayan sila ng turn to go to sg. luv it
0	decent woot deals on hd tv's here till the 18th via woot
0	right, the 2nd tweet is better, but i'm at harold washington... itsa_privilege
0	big 4 with kevin, deniesse, devine, and ryan sa kick off ng pbb teen edition 4 on sunday, april 8 at 9pm.excitedmuch!!!biggelontv
0	waffl3lif3 keyvo33 ya for sure it's on 28th and ost starts at 1043 but really not till 11 lol
0	yeaa! 3rd place! congrats! inawarriors end of the game! indonesia warriors 92 - 85 singapore slingers! thanks for the supports superriors!
0	tonight: a show in dc. tomorrow: greensboro nc! it's been too long since i've performed. so exited to see everyone and play the new tunes!
0	need a break from studying? come to uk_bsu's kickball tournament tomorrow at 4:30-6:30pm! behind the jc&gt;&gt;&gt;be there! :)
0	sandy has passed by, and the cathedral close was only lightly touched (whew), so yes, ncs will be open tomorrow,...
0	get the skinny on metropcs launches the galaxy s iii on october 22, price is $499: good news for metropcs custom...
0	pacers extend their biggest lead of the game with a paul george jumper. up 10 pts, 48-38, with 2:03 left 1st half!
0	rum chata hot chocolate, thin mints, and netflix. this is how you do saturday night.
0	so glad i'm not going back to woodlands tomorrow! looking forward to joseph wright!
0	jill_kolencik3 alright my friend nknight11 saw this hot blonde alex girl from chardon at the game friday. and he wants to know who it is.
0	wow ! just found out that jeff timmons will come to malaysia on 16 oct for a week &amp; his wedding ceremony will be held on the 21st in kl!! xx
0	there is still time to register and find your red dress for tomorrow's rampage! get on it!
0	williscorto ferry corsten at digital tomorrow. let's go and rave it up. punk yardofcocktail liquid
0	so excited for these upcoming shows! its time to get halloweird! 10/27(tomorrow night) the fox theatre w/...
0	berniepleskoff no problem. are you going to be at the rising stars game on saturday?
0	trayvon my daily tweet (10-27) in memory of trayvon martin - killed 245 days ago ~may you rest in peace~ (we must never forget you.)
0	i'm going to watch eurosong! croatia is 10th ;) so vote for croatia!!!
0	any joey fans that want a cover for all nns wins may take this.
0	the lorax paid us a surprise visit, checking the place out for saturday. come meet him 11/3 from 10-2!
0	happy monday! stop by volare tonight for roasted duck! half roasted crispy duck served with baby spinach and...
0	excited for mollyorangette and delanceyseattle opening essex tonight! any bar with homemade thin mints is my favorite
0	sat in a boozer in bethnal green listening to the dj play iamfakeblood - i think i like it at about 138bpm.
0	darren0193 haha! well i was kinda hoping to see lou tomorrow night so don't think i'm going to, but if she's busy then i might aswell!
0	my moms under the hilarious impression that i'm spending my saturday loading &amp; unloading furniture from trailers in natchitoches
0	imagine danica and danielle meeting justinbieber on friday and the feeling you get to say that you helped out. amazing jbmeetdanica
0	it's monday night football wrangler nation! game time 7:05pm vs. the wichita wild! get your tickets now to cheer...
0	celebrity saturday ! this is great tea good have around especially if you are going to be at the oscars
0	i can't wait for the sunderland vs newcastle, 3rd best derby in england, after manchester and north london derby. i'd prefer a newcastle win
0	jamiekilstein you competing in la? i'm playing a show in la with ar on friday night! come hang out! we are at "on the rox" above the roxy!
0	i want to be here "the greatest hits tour - blue, jeff timmons of 98 degrees,a1" on feb 25... :|
0	looking fwd to my 14s first hit out against dv tonight. derby tmrw, rest sunday, birthday monday. i can smell you long weekend it's so good
0	glad im going to greenville tomorrow night tho
0	skinnyz0mbie maby cuz u are sooo good at bowling and they are now scared from u :p they got sick from u taking the 1st place everytime
0	are you all ready for roger sanchez this friday at hq nightclub!!! hmu at 609-335-3062 for table reservations and details!!!!
0	happybirthdaykendallschmidt hopefully tomorrow we can also get btronpcas trending! for big time rush! btr deserves it!
0	the donkey show - friday the 13th is an exciting day for the adrienne arsht center of the performing arts in...
0	special conference call tomorrow the 7th at 7:30 pst - 10:30 est featuring doug wead! doug is going to give us a...
0	on sunday please watch sarah g live, one of myrtle`s dream will come true - together with melai, myrtle will having a song number with sarah
0	come join in all the fun at the great pumpkin hunt at rosedale gardens this saturday!
0	fucking stoked to hang out with my girl thalia tomorrow night. haven't seen her in ages.
0	there are still spots available for "happiest baby on the block" this sunday!
0	lipa 4:19 beat the bad weather join us for our taster sessions wed and thurs at joseph wright centre
0	i'm happy my 1st showing is at 3pm today... ritz carlton... let's sell it! tomiroseteam
0	patmessenger great choices!!! i went to olympic park too, but if you're just there for the weekend, that may be pushin it!
0	our 3rd winner who's won himself an exciting couple invite for the divasofrock at vivanta by taj - blue diamond, pune is patnisiddharth !
0	- grassroots racing at its best returns to marana on saturday, october 27, at the gladden farms 10k an
0	laalvezz i'm bringing you a play to read on monday. you'll read it and love it. and meryl streep is going to be in the movie adaptation.
0	tracking texas a&m football players in the 2012 nfl draft: texas a&m may have the biggest surprise of the 2012 n...
0	mommy brought me some red velvet cupcakes! and im gonna play football tomorrow morning with daddy, bella, and jarvey! yayy family.
0	clamatadore just like the sun and the stars and the sea ,true love will go on through eternity.sweetheart you are my super star.kisses,star
0	"foreverbaybay: just watched the pursuit of happiness for the 1st time. i love it." good deeds by tyler perry is the girl version
0	wow!! lady gaga is actually at the britney spears femme fatale concert tonight!!! she still listens to her music!!!! wow!!!
0	mail in a lather over c4's scheduling of four lions to coincide with 10th anniversary of 9/11. too good a film for stunt scheduling i think.
0	really enjoyed pj harvey tonight - contrary to expectations. even the black feather head-dress wasn't too ott.
0	my dad just told me he really wants to go see final destination 5 on friday. wow.. wasntexpectingthat
0	+1 rt foodprincess wonderful company and gr8 food in chinatown last night with tour guide ziggysmogdust , jaypfrancis & irene
0	_ms_r have you watched four lions? saw it again last night, love it. fuck mini babybels!
0	chadlindberg dude you definitely need to get a part in true blood. we had pole dancers again this year at the uk convention party tonight
0	got email saying my copy of deus ex is on it's way. if it arrives tomorrow i will literally stay up all night playing it. no joke.
0	tomorrow is the elvis extravaganza! tune in to 97.1fm at 11am for all the elvis presley you can handle. it's gonna be rockin'.
0	rt deltaupsilon: boise state, chattanooga, embry-riddle and virginia tech receive their charters tonight, congrats and welcome gentleme ...
0	ahhhh! loving this new ic champion! wish i could see it happen this friday. ): crossing my fingers that he has a match at summerslam!
0	can't wait for september 6th the new season of sons of anarchy starts woo hoo :-)
0	six good reviews for the new deus ex. i'm going to pre-order it today, i've seen enough coverage to know it's going to be worth a look.
0	tomorrow is the 34th anniversary of elvis presley's death. i love you, rest in peace.
0	1andonlywalshy 2nd goal barcelona would be proud of. cleverly isnt the future he's the present. sneijder coming soon... rt please :)
0	almost forgot about celebrity juice tonight, oh my. what time is it on at guys?
0	dry by pj harvey is a brilliant record. i listened to the whole thing yesterday on a break from editing. filmmaking
0	davidheartbreak wwooo fasho! u know i gotchu! ima c u in vegas on the 21st blud!
0	day 3 in the big brother house and it's ingleton waterfalls trail today, promises some amazing scenery!
0	cant wait to rock "apologize" by one republic & "jesus freak" by dc talk tonight gettin redy to rock sasabo, japan
0	can't wait to see my ravens beat the steelers tomorrow.
0	tomorrow is gonna be like the super bowl for the ravens vs. steelers game
0	just pre-ordered the droid bionic. pick up from the verizon store next friday! :-) ( brevard nc)
0	yayyy!!! rt : coupleboobs: nicki minaj - pink friday, up 15 places, to 16 on the official uk top 40 :)
0	iansomerhalder paulwesley ninadobrev you know what? vampire diaries starts in germany on monday! i can't wait!
0	great game...tremendous way to start the season. bring it on and next sunday real madrid v barcelona.
0	rt infinitesadd: deus ex exclusive hands on article going up tonight. fucking love you twitter followers.
0	all of the "real" democrats won their respective races & will move on 2 face the 6 recalled republican state senators on august 9 yeswecan
0	going to see rise of the planet of the apes tonight...oh yeah.
0	hope pj harvey takes home the mercury tonight! great record!
0	kareembynature loool errr.. i'll have to it watch it today (was watching celebrity juice last night)
0	lilkrm steve jobs' silky mouthed fellatio is akin to the bliss of my iphone each and every morning. hail to the king, baby!
0	august 17th rt graceellisxo: can't wait to see the inbetweeners movie, will has to be my favourite! when's it out ?
0	boise state, chattanooga, embry-riddle and virginia tech receive their charters tonight, congrats and welcome gentlemen! duli11
0	leighfrancis best thing about thursday is celebrity juice =)
0	tna_gunner been trying to decide on a new show to watch & always get tons of sons of anarchy suggestions. i may go 4 it. have a blessed day
0	yuki_18_j good morning, yuki~! oh, i like your name too. does it means snow? riko isn't my real name, i've chose it because i like japan.
0	huda_shami he's a very good looking guy. is s3 on netflix? i think i'm watching it tonight
0	saw at last kung fu panda 2 yesterday with my cousins =))
0	she call me baby, i call her bae, sorry 4 the wait, carter iv on the way! august 29th. hellllll yeahhh! (;
0	morning,its all systems go for the week!!paytime and deus ex out later in the week this is truly biwinning
0	skanyi10 alan_hicks is stadium kanyi open tomrw for the opening ceremony and abs vs tonga game? i happen to be off duty tomorrow :-)
0	my brothers gf is on me to use her netflix acct, because i love my movies. so i'll all for giving it a try tonight
0	cheytiffy morning gorgeous u were rite i thought it was b/slisten to this nicki minaj did hhave domestics
0	can silicon valley re-charge solar energy?: silicon valley innovators apple and google may be the best hope left...
0	vampire diaries and jersey shore tonight. so first we see some hotties then we fist pump with hotties.. sounds great!!! :)
0	looking forward to celebrity juice tonight.
0	mod_tr3chic lol look for the bright tiger woods, not hard to miss me today
0	we love the king! 55 years ago today, elvis presley released his double-sided hit "don't be cruel"/"hound dog",...
0	i love you all so much. come join us on saturday evening for the uga v. boise state game. game is at 8pm, but we...
0	rt coupleboobs: nicki minaj - pink friday, up 15 places, to 16 on the official uk top 40 :)
0	four lions. watch it on channel 4. tonight. at 8pm. best film ever. i have this on my ipad. never tired of it.
0	rastas4jesus09 droid bionic, this thursday. never thought the day would come.
0	i'm not going on holiday until the 25th because me and my dad wanted to watch the inbetweeners movie when it came out lol :') - georgia
0	rt coachdivvy: i'm exited about friday! no offense but who is tonga? nz can't just make up names and countries. play fair.
0	morning all. just woke up to madonna on the radio with borderline. cool
0	excited for the raiders game tonight
0	after a day at the lake me and my girl are getting ready to do vegas big tonight! blessed freshtodeath
0	rt recite_films: excellent performance by pj harvey last night! hairs on back of neck stuff! good company too with clarekirstin, fi a ...
0	rt steventdennis: today *very* rare day when democrats will get healthier on their club for growth scorecards than most republicans.
0	some good television tonight gonna get on jersey shore on the planner and 8 out of ten cats and maybe red or black lazynight
0	adaminside i swear my facebook was exploding this morning! booms all over the fucking place! reminded me of four lions. xd
0	kolchak the night stalker. before the x-files, excellent scary tv. on netflix huzah
0	eh, em...attention! true blood is on tonight, oh yeah! sink ur teeth into it! lol
0	today *very* rare day when democrats will get healthier on their club for growth scorecards than most republicans.
0	:o inbetweeners movie a week today!! aaaahhhh! might wear my wellies to the cinema cause i'll be 'knee deep in clunge' ;)
0	the mta will be at mondawmin metro station from 3-5pm today to celebrate the baltimore grand prix. we'll have a race car for you to see!
0	finally wrapped up shooting in vegas, time for a good night on the town :)
0	charlieblythe i'm going on big brother's bit on the side next tuesday! i thought you would appreciate this haha :)
0	rt snickermydoodle: "i hope notre dame wins tonight and the steelers win tomorrow"
0	sonny bill williams named in the first xv to face tonga on friday. this man is one to watch my other is isreal dagg rwc2011
0	good night michael jackson, i do love you. see you in my dream :*
0	starting the 3rd season of sons of anarchy. i watched seasons 1 and 2 in the last couple weeks. . i'm seriously hooked
0	watching the vampire diaries from the beginning= a classic saturday night. :d and with thejosie_f :) lolz
0	final destination 5, august 24. death how we've missed you.
0	peterfacinelli good luck tonight the teen choice awards :) i know twilight is gonna take them all!! ill b watching xoxo
0	hide in country clubs all u want boehner! reverserobocall.com launching soon & i'm one of 1st in line! join me. launch
0	i had an awesome time at sckcs now it's on to work, saturday nite in vegas, this should be fun.
0	nuckheadjj glad twilight night was a success. i'll make it to the next one! sorry to be the lame-o!
0	girl singing the national anthem tonight is a boise state student. i gave her a "go ducks" before she went out. didn't seem to faze her.
0	sara__rodrigo its almost 6pm in japan now..heheh..but good morning to you too
0	rt bnardwilliams good morning world... i'm pleased to inform you that the carter iv will not be like watch the throne..
0	i know one thing i can do tomorrow.. write a blog post about my newly discovered love for vampire diaries!
0	"leighfrancis: celebrity juice tonight 10pm itv2. hurrraaaaah! its a back to school special" who's featuring ! the wait is too much ! ooosh
0	can't wait to see the anderson silva fight saturday woop woop
0	the raiders need to represent tonight!
0	nicki minaj flashes a nipple on good morning america, youlve gotta see it, afghan says so
0	good morning! need a google + invite? i have a few plusinvites. love to see the gtchat folks there!
0	just1jerrah vegas here i come yeah watch out las vegas the bring back the brown sd is taking over at las vegas next week and tomorrow
0	sunnyvegas702 nice! disagreement! of course, he sat down with boehner only thi (youtube
0	omg i can't wait to see what beyonce is gonna do at the vma's sunday august 28th!
0	im getting horny hey that reminds me is it the 19th yet? new two and a half men and/or roast of charlie sheen
0	true blood tonight! always the best night of the week.
0	tankdogc27 steelers fans are awesome! just for that, i'm making it my mission to piss off a brown's fan today hehe inspiration
0	good morning. its definitely time 4 a new phone. alarm clock ringer isnt going off anymore. tryin 2 wait on steve jobs before i make a move
0	fun night tonight at vampire diaries. great teen choice award winners!
0	every time i don't have anything to do, i'll watch the shows i stopped halfway. lol and it's teen top's mta today. :p
0	fun date night with my girl. home early. ice my aching body. wish i had netflix right about now....
0	gym workout starting with beyonce then katy,kylie and finally bruno great start to the morning
0	i knw my ish!... "kev hart voice"...lol! happy sunday!rt dimaahhh: lol:-prt credo_liyo: if kevin hart make u ...
0	hooked on sons of anarchy thanks to demonrust its too good too stop watching, all day viewing today!
0	jordanknight hope u have a great show tonight. me & the chi/in girls are so excited to see you in london tomorrow!
0	inbetweeners movie coming to cinemas in ireland on the 19th of august. i have never wanted to see a movie so bad!! shouldbegood ;)
0	rt jaschanel i went to see kevin hart and still can't wait to go see the movie on the 9th!
0	is all about one night by elvis presley
0	britneyspears: "so amazing to have the beautiful lady gaga at the show in ac tonight. love you girl.- britney"
0	ufc 134 this sunday from 11am - anderson silva v yushin okami - don't miss it. in the sports bar live.
0	i feel like a kid before xmas, i cannot wait to get onert nokiaknowings: in case you missed it...nokia n9 release date
0	as good as the fights were tonight i'm glad this one is over. one day closer to seeing anderson silva clown a massive asian man spidersense
0	jerzday tonight first episode of jersey shore season 4 premieres tonight!!!!! :')
0	nw kung fu panda 2. dnt judge me, i like animated movies (plus the 1st one was the shit).
0	rainy day, got alot done tho. registration tmrw morning! rdy to eat din and watch sons of anarchy, can't wait for the new season! stoked
0	i saw okay movie there friday night"rise of the planet of the apes",i still like conquest
0	after an almost 60-year career, lloyd robertson broadcasts his last ctvnationalnews sept 1, he joins us next
0	twittabeast immaculate_nat at da end of da night no girl that roll with me is on da mta! they are above that as long as i can afford that!
0	bobandy1, jonathankyte, neilmorgan1985 don't forget to look out for me and jemmlou in the audience of celebrity juice tonight. bangtidy!
0	nw true blood can't wait til the new one comes on tomorrow
0	looking forward to the new jersey shore starting tonight. has it started in ireland yet?? what do tweeps think?? jerseyshore
0	caught up on true blood!! i love it... now time for bed! night peeps.. be safe tonight :)!!!
0	tpolamalu congrats on the new contract and good luck tomorrow in bmore! go steelers!
0	just in case you need some inspiration today. steve jobs' 2005 stanford commencement address: via addthis
0	to anyone planning on watching the teen choice awards tonight. spoiler alert: the winners are justin bieber and twilight.
0	excited to go see rise of the planet of the apes tonight
0	went to see "rise of the planet of the apes" tonight. it was pretty dope; i give it 5 bananas.
0	a win for either metronomy, everything everything or pj harvey would be a satisfactory outcome for tonight's mercury awards.
0	off to learn about google analytic today.... i hope it doesn't get too technical. looking forward to it though.
0	is about to go see the help!! can't wait for final destination 5 on friday!!
0	7/9/1983 madonna released "holiday" as a single from "madonna: the first album", it was the 1st madonna song to enter the billboard hot 100.
0	child like excitement building ahead of the rwc think my 2nd team is going to be tonga loveabitofbiff
0	yassss, deus ex is actually out 26th august. that's brightened up my day a bit:)
0	must get all my work done and ahead with cleaning my house before 10pm so i can have a night in with the sons of anarchy
0	rt marcohanna: afairclub sold out tonight!! charlie sheen's cake party!! marco hanna live with dudu sax !!!
0	devo brown: thanks for another great night everyone!! don't forget tomorrow roz and mocha speak with lloyd robertson & jason priestley!
0	i'm so pumped for jersey shore 4 tonight! i want sn00ki and vinny to hook up xd
0	nowplaying elvis presley. love me tender - just as good as cerysmatthews version at solus, cardiff in november '08
0	can't wait for tomorrow night! and no not bc of jersey shore but bc it's the first official game of the nfl season!
0	its 2 am & i have to wake up at 5:30 in the morning. to sleep or to keep watching jersey shore? to sleep! nah, i think i'll stay up :d
0	off to see the nokia n9 tomorrow. it'll be like being a real consumer tech dude again. also off to an event at the new winnings store.
0	who wants to go see usaeaglesrugby beat canada's rugby team tonight in glendale, co? send them off to the rugby world cup the right way?
0	tgi friday's was good! going to the moves to see "rise of the planet of the apes".
0	morning all- another day at bitten2 meeting the stars of true blood. autographs and photos for me today, once the vodka-fug has cleared
0	celebrity juice tonight 10pm itv2. hurrraaaaah! its a back to school special
0	just found out that the new season for vampire diaries comes out sept 15th :-)
0	nokia n9 in nine seconds: by ian posted on the 13th of july 2011 at 8:35am global - the nokia n9 is fast. so fast that a regular 30-s...
0	i guess i'm going to watch anderson silva whop a nigga ass while drinking grey goose tonight
0	i'm really dying to hear that track with beyonce and the full version of "that's my bitch" off watch the throne. monday must come sooner
0	charlie sheen seems pretty confident/badass for his upcoming roast. he actually seems like he has it together. i may watch.
0	finally watching last weeks true blood, ready for the new episode tonight. how is everyone else this morning?
0	congrats to client drcasio for his tv debut on big brother's bit on the side last night, analysing social media mentions of housemates
0	anyone else already getting goosebumps about how loud goodnight irene will be at 2:55 tomorrow afternoon blackthornendmyrealhome
0	1 day left!time is ticking down...tonga should start getting worried ('',). just kidding, may the best team win!!!('',) tomorrow.go blacks
0	kicking off the world cup" friday, all blacks vs tonga!?! yeeeaah!! i'm so looking forward to just laxing back popcorn & a glass a bubbly!?!
0	really looking forward to the release of deus ex: hr on friday, just annoying that north america gets it tomorrow...
0	well since it's been the 7th here n japan 4 over 12 hrs i'd like 2 wish my bff miamck a grand 26th. sad i can't b there w/you.
0	bring it on!! :) rt cinema21: kung fu panda 2 will released on tuesday, 16 august 2011
0	walking through chelsea at this time of day is rather lovely. love london at night :d
0	we all went to see rise of the planet of the apes last night...i actually enjoyed it a lot! that chimp caesar was a great actor. seriously.
0	britney: lady gaga's here tonight. me: what? *watches gaga the rest of the night * me: who's concert was that ? i forgot. ;d
0	rt jessica1294: supermac18: omfg britney is like here in ma... ahhhh!!! along with nicki minaj. omggg the concert is tomorrow :ddd thi ...
0	tamartorello oh my gosh that's hilarious - love it! did you read the one on steve jobs? love the tuesday reading :)
0	prayin for the families that lost someone today in the plane crash. pavol demitra one of my favorite players rest in peace. :'(
0	watching the best moments of inbetweeners last night highlighted the fact that (towie) is full of helmets. surely im not the only one?
0	shooting tvshow sons of anarchy at my studio today. they closed off all the streets for a giant gun battle! fun.
0	yaaayy!! :d rt blitzmegaplex: kung fu panda 2 (in 2d & 3d, both with indonesian subtitles) tentatively scheduled to open on tues 16 august
0	irenenell good morning irene :) i love the tiger photies so much! do you own them?
0	ok i need something to try cheer me up after the the loss last night!tickets for the brittany and nicki minaj 2mo night - i need2get looking
0	yay inbetweeners is in the cinemas august 17th should be well funny
0	cf125 followimran four lions is on sunday night 9pm on c4insider make sure you watch it boys. (eid mubarck imran) veryfunnyfilm
0	had a great chat with top international referee dave pearson. bit in tomorrow's journal, & big feature nearer the rugby world cup kick-off.
0	kicking off in london tonight? wait til you see the west ham fans tomorrow after we've beaten them 3-0 ;)
0	rt gimmiedatboom: steelers gonna beat the ravens tomorrow lol
0	listening to that elvis presley... he may be on to something with his rock and roll!
0	irenie_m irene thank you very much for your lovely mts today much appreciated! hope you have a great weekend!
0	rt teamjorchel: retweet if you're ready for big brother tonight! teamjorchel bb13 cbsbigbrother
0	off to see toby keith at the red rock casino amphitheater tonight in vegas. oh yeah :-)
0	rt cgblasi: very impressed with joco teenage republicans! 16 teens showed up today, ready to fight big government and obama! nobama
0	stayed up too late to watch the 1st ep of sons of anarchy. new favourite show! sonsofanarchy
0	rt ro_onetwo: i will be at the movies friday night to see "final destination 5". i'm in love with scary movies :)
0	weird thing today, my copy of deus ex: hr shipped. probaby have the box a few days before steam lets me play it.
0	nicegirll1124 good! well summerslam is on early monday morning live here at 1am so il be up watchin it for the great one.. teambringit
0	going to see rise of the planet of the apes tonight:) perfection check
0	weezy's carter iv out on the 29th ! lets fuckin go
0	in an ideal world oregon and boise state will win sept 3rd and give power to the pac nw! goducks
0	- how true. think it's time for another deus ex playthrough before dx3 is released friday week.
0	talked bulletproof design among other cool topics with the mta yesterday. no, seriously, bulletproof design.
0	pj harvey or king creosote would be deserving winners of the mercury2011 prize tonight but think tinie tempah will nick it
0	okay this wookie boy too childish he say i gotta hear my favorite song 1st and this niggah play 1+1 by beyonce :) i love that song man;
0	tweet di brintey so amazing to have the beautiful lady gaga at the show in ac tonight. love you girl.- britney
0	so u tx me and ask if i can spend the night.haha i don't even know u (kevin hart voice) haha
0	evening grace patriots! god bless & restore r great country, r people, r vets, r men & women in uniform, & the nations of israel & japan!
0	rt corywho: alright everyone lets do this. 2 winners tonight at 9pmest. girl and boy winners. 1600 microsoft points. me and follow fo ...
0	katechambers19 oh that'll be nice. where you going? umm think i'm going to see inbetweeners on wednesday, otherwise free? hannibal rising?
0	mail on sunday: cesc fabregas is so desperate to leave arsenal for barcelona that he has offered to give up more ...
0	kayelalovesyou channel 4, friday, 10.25pm i think. looks like it's going to be a really good documentary. obama's involved!
0	went to see "rise of the planet of the apes" tonight great movie b+ for sure. !!lchris-rockz!!!
0	quietuscyn shatteredyuuki yeah, it's on netflix i think now. i still like the futuristic and action concepts even today.
0	rt fearnecotton: also back to school special celebrity juice on itv2 tonight! oushhhhh
0	rt spaikin: want to wish legendary broadcaster lloyd robertson a great final newscast tonight. the man is a total class act. ctv l ...
0	jamescrosby28 watched the cricket, awesome game, followed by jersey shore and seven dwarves! great night of tv!
0	summerslam may be interesting after all! cmpunk saves the day again. raw
0	steve jobs is my man of the century. 10 years ago, they were this close to bankruptcy. today, apple is the most valuable company in d world
0	can't wait until anderson silva taps out tonight cwood2day j_cross10
0	last night i had a dream that i made it to the vma's , & i was on 106&park talking about my album coming out. time to make it all a reality.
0	15 years ago today, i was in prague, for the kickoff of michael jackson's history tour.... good times & good memories. michaeljackson
0	ok, so i've watched jersey shore today for the first time ever. can't say i believe the hype. but its comical.
0	nothing like a steak dinner then true blood on demand with my favorite person on earth! perfect saturday night :)
0	we salute you lloyd robertson. good evening. ltotheltotheoyd fb
0	finished deus ex last night. should probably stay tight-lipped, but i think i can get away with saying the ending is superb!
0	wohooo! rt blitzmegaplex: kung fu panda 2 (in 2d & 3d, both with indonesian subtitles) tentatively scheduled to open on tues 16 august ^isk
0	rt victoriacoren: oh look, four lions is on channel 4 tonight. do watch it if you haven't before. brilliant film; i properly laughed an ...
0	shating rt leighfrancis celebrity juice tonight 10pm itv2. hurrraaaaah! its a back to school special
0	today i saw many great news, like _hp touchpad_ discount and another news is about nokia n9 swipe. this new...
0	sgtslap_ahoe pretty good.. hbu? ready to watch the raiders tonight??
0	hmmm..thinking that now is a good time to win the lottery. 311day2012 in vegas and 311cruise in may...decisions to be made!
0	rinecho9239 good morning irene ^_^ have a nice day!
0	gamers!! don't even think about missing the blurb tonight on challenge at midnight. we've got rage, deus ex, bodycount, dead island & more!
0	in the car with the parents on the way back home home. heading to atl to say good-bye to "sweet irene"tomorrow.
0	xxfranchizexx lmfao! you know why they call japan the "land of the rising sun" right?...cause everyone there is squinting all day long.
0	anderson silva better fuck up yushin okami tonight.
0	the other night i had a dream uga beat boise state. let's hope it comes true
0	it still hasn't hit me yet that tomorrow is steelers & ravens day.
0	sometimes you just got to put the michael jackson song from free willy on repeat all morning.
0	our new dance instructor for clubfitness has toured w/ beyonce!!! you know our beyonce themed night is going to be crazy!!!
0	i may love asians from japan! but i have a girl that i'm gonna marry. believe it! she's a ghetto ass short girl that's clumsy as fuck lol.
0	saw "rise of the planet of the apes" with the gf last night...it was a pretty damn good movie...y'all should go check it out
0	today's ff number 1 goes to kev_d because he's soo good at computers that steve jobs is worried about job security.
0	next monday = vampire diaries are back! watch it :) very happy now :)
0	colinmochrie congrats to lloyd robertson on the gordon sinclair award tonight at the geminis. last broadcast on ctv nat'l news is thursday.
0	k im done lookin at nicki minaj's titties for 2nite..found someone to skype with! smiles for those late night skype sessions.god bless women
0	just watched four lions, cool. awesome song to finish it with too. nowplaying aphex twin - avril 14th
0	this friday night at the warehouse, dowtown shreveport, 9 pm. irene and the sleepers, super water sympathy, and cowboy mouth!! be there! rt!
0	saadra: the droid bionic may be the most hyped phone in the history of gadgetdom. the latest round of spyshots c...
0	in barcelona tomorrow... time to bring out the tees and shorts :))
0	her's us making sure people feel ok with windows 7 today :) buy windows 7 today, keep same pc for windows 8 upgrade
0	mbaaah!shut up & sleep or sit down!((((boom))))*i love nohle* rt tebeza: wish i could fly to irene just 2 get my good night kiss!! sigh
0	droid bionic seemingly clears the fcc, may finally be headed for (us) glory
0	lloyd robertson's last newscast is tomorrow night. the end of an amazing career. and honestly, the end of an era thatsthekindofdayitsbeen
0	pj harvey has to win, nobody deserves it more, the new album was amazing!
0	antoniobrown84 got you in 6th rd. have a great year! here we go steelers, here we go!
0	just found all of st: voyager on netflix. i know what i'm doing for the rest of the night. woo!!
0	well the cool thing with democrats in power, doma is getting reviewed on the 20th.
0	nicki minaj - pink friday, up 15 places, to 16 on the official uk top 40 :)
0	rt imthereal_ld: espn got some good stuff on tonight.
0	full time. happy days. apologies for the tweetathon, gotta finish tomorrow's presentation now, derby in the morning. pizzasweats dominos
0	chargers pre season game with the seahawks on espn thursday. only pre season but still good to have nfl back on tv. chargers
0	because the night belongs to lovers -&gt; nuit blanche :0) video art love
0	may the sun in his course visit no land more free,more happy, more lovely, than this our own country..happy independence day.
0	talk to my dad tonight and we suppose to go to detroit in october to c all my family nd my great granny!!
0	if i were the lions id call the falcons and offer a 6th for jason snelling. would be perfect fit to fill leshore void.
0	thecraplab lmao no nigga on nfl fantasy i got pretty good team ill show you tomorrow
0	martinamcgowan good morning to you martina!! i hope your day is great too!! :) is it hot where you are? it's steaming here in bama!
0	therealpodvader need more espn football today/ patriots today podcasts. get ross and matt riled up with more bradyrules talk.
0	3words "tonight's the night" dexter sho_dexter
0	for my book worms: murder in italy about amanda knox and "in the middle of the night" about dr. petit family in connecticut are great reads!
0	rt dawnchere: looking at the set for aladdin - great job terrancewilson ! anticipating watching hundreds of kids sing, dance & act ton ...
0	jets flying low over the house this morning. gives me a tingle of excitement. only a week to go before i take off. but 4now, out in2 cold.
0	saturday is the last day of summer streets in nyc.. enjoy car-free streets between brooklyn bridge and central park!
0	cannot wait for this cowboys game tonight! start it off right romo, j. e. t. s. sucksucksucksuck
0	addicted to dexter... what's new. almost done with season 5 and i just got it on thursday!
0	360fromtheedge happy b'day in italy :-) i know it's tomorrow but party is today! enjoy your time a mom&davide my disabled boy: we love u2
0	this is the last sunday w/o football .....,nfl is back baby
0	mikedavis88 pls tell dale jr and the 88 team that they did great today. love them lots from bama.
0	rt craigyferg: the lovely officialkat on the show friday. until that beeyotch showed up andy rooney and i were the hottest mamacitas o ...
0	rt sheilatweetss: rungeordierun should be given a heros welcome at the arsenal game on saturday.nufcfans nufcofficial
0	rt youngcules: nolito with an assist and a superb winner for benfica against arsenal last night. he really is turning on the heat!
0	rt maliagotmonae: my mom just told me she's getting an ipad 2 on friday....i better get a mac for christmas.
0	rt nfl: twitterverse blowing up about shannon sharpe's awesome hall of fame speech. we'll have the video clip on nfl.com a little later ...
0	glad to see the coaches are paying attention to their poll. auburn, which is likely to finish 5th in sec west, no. 19 in country?
0	paramountuk cowboysandaliens watched it last night, cowboys & indians (+plus aliens too) - brilliant western with a touch of favreau spice
0	morning all, lovely rainy day in scotland yet again. back to watching qubetubers live stream indieweekend and see what going on today =d
0	sn00ki it would make me and miss_wowah 's night if you replied or retweeted us! ireland loves jersey shore!!!
0	serenawilliams doesn't this make you love them even more rt bjaofficial: surprise green day show thursday august 11th,
0	mass gathering in a single hotel room. mmm chinese. and i could put up with family guy for one night.
0	all you need is ryan leaf and you got a show. rt jimrome: aaron rodgers, kurt warner and kyle kendrick are all in the jungle tomorrow.
0	watch espn tonight to see me burning jrgessler for a sick goal on the top ten. realbackyardfifa
0	morning tweeps! i'm going to milan today! yaay
0	rt johnalessio79: great practice today at drysdalebjj ...thanks dee1lv for the good rnds and milan,kyle griffen. time for lunch and s ...
0	yorikirii quieter. my sis, brother in law and habibti are going back to ireland this afternoon ;/ tennis doubles sounds fun! enjoy! juice!
0	d_degea the 1st half goals was just to tell you how it is in premeirship.you really did your very best and teamunited from nigeria loves u
0	good morning auburn family! today feels like a good day to beat nick saban and bama at...everything! thatincludesbeingbetterchristians
0	finally starting the 5th season of dexter. see ya later, weekend!
0	good luck to a scribe amidst the lions tonight at the sdmas!
0	_mongoose just got one me lady!! waiting on the next! merlin incense was a'smoking tonite!!!!!!
0	woohoo! rt the_lort_got: my homie misslisadc moves to alabama tomorrow, can't wait for her to meet the rodomontade gang
0	hopefully heading to cowboys & aliens tonight, hopefully will be able to get in to see it, need some fun to watch
0	best of luck to arsenalladies tonight, who have a big league game against everton at borehamwood. 7pm k.o.
0	pose of triumph!! jogged over the brooklyn bridge with my mom and sis amy_veranda this morning. i'm so lucky.
0	3 episodes of family guy tonight on bbc3. put a slight smile on my face :)
0	sunday and a lovely raggedtalk on skiing in scotland by the freewheelin' patrick d whelan. 12:45outoftheblue&drillhall skiing newnickname
0	cowboys and jets on one channel, family guy spoof of return of the jedi on another...it's a good night for tv!
0	"nfl: twitterverse blowing up about shannon sharpe's awesome hof speech. we'll have the video clip on nfl.com a little later tonight."
0	win or lose i think most dallas fans would agree it's just great to play in games as big as this one tonight again after yrs of mediocrity.
0	nerdblurt tom_howarth and the sox beat the yankees today so i can smile!
0	belladonna's zylona is at aladdin's tonight - come enjoy the show! hold on to your hookahs - here's directions
0	ok sir rt jikiboy: nigeria will still top the group.if we lose,we'll be 2nd & face brazil. (cont)
0	good afternoon clemson fam!....let's finish out finals strong! we are taking care of business in the classroom...go tigers :)
0	mom left for scotland today. or ireland... keep forgetting where she went to. but both places have cool accents! i know that!
0	seeing thehelp tonight...yippee and checking out hothouse on church with katiechka! :)
0	tommacwriter good luck tomorrow :) and have you ever been to scotland or ireland. and if you have did you like it?
0	kevinhart4real on comedy central tonight 9...i'm a grown little man and seriously funny...i'll be glued to the tv
0	i think so far the most deserved award of the night goes to melissa mccarthy
0	had a great day today yay soxs beat yankees!!
0	klew24 sanchez has a lil jake plummer in him. i like this kid. nothing like throwing into triple coverage on 3rd 10 and holmes catches it
0	surreycricket looking forward to the lions game tonight. tele on, sound down, and church on the radio. and the rey with a form to dream of!
0	so 1st official day of football! so excited! can't wait for some jets football monday night!
0	just got back to the crib today wasnt so bad went to detroit and somerset
0	i cannot wait until college football! sept 14th, flying down with my brother to the florida v tennessee game, it's gonna be titss
0	clarke_casey yess please it's been way too long, i move in 18th i'm going to tricounty and gonna transfer to clemson please come visit!!
0	joejonas just heard that you are coming to mexico city on the 25th! i'm so excited! i'm doing everything i can to get tickets for the show!
0	that singers in action in concert this thursday at the hammerstein is gon be epic! beres hammond, sanchez & wayne wonder....jeezus! legends
0	at bolton 6th form college... a level celebrations for tonight include watching a dvd and staying in with the dog + a bottle of vodka wild
0	morning people...let's kick start this monday with this as we have independence day party on saturday.
0	currently in egypt & looking 4 a decent website to watch everton tonight! ideas most welcome cheers coyb
0	hello everybody!!!how are you today?have a beautiful green day!!!!
0	fuck everyone else dexter is my friend tonight. bring it season 4
0	mark_sanchez here's a pic of my son before we took him to see you at training camp today! he's really a sanchez too!
0	waww,, i wanna have it rt elmiragriswold3 vah_raflatahugs wow,ipad got just today free lol www.burna.in/fgye
0	:* :* :* rt kikakikutz: ;&gt; ;&gt; :))) rt raindraingga: milan & bontet, 2 things that make me happy last night... ^_^
0	justinbieber i'm so excited because you are coming to mexico city in october! i love you follow me please nsn
0	rt mtnng: good morning nigeria ! 1 more day to go ! get ready :)
0	i've had better weekends. but whatever, i'm going to use today to sleep and watch dexter. and that's perfect.
0	the score may have been 38-26, but aaron rodgers kept right up statistically with favre. damn. skolvikings
0	two coaches mentioned are now on alabama's staff. that alone will make finebaum worth it tomorrow. oldhabitspawwl 38godfrey
0	barneyowl67 o22ie_owl just booking my tickets for thursday night but i am spoilt for choice, enough seats left to get in with milan!
0	it's that time of year again!! the plains and the smell of saturday morning tailgates..it's auburn football season!! wareagle
0	rt roxyreynolds: 007 in detroit wed august 17th i'll be dancing live!!!!! d town stand up !!! get ready its going down!
0	beer and chicken night! watching dexter till the working hours (11.59pm - 8 am) maybe we should reserve the nickname "dexter"? might be fun
0	the boys' took care of business tonight! 23-17 over the damn viqueens. felix, dez, & romo went ham!
0	julia_white you too lovely! i was like a big kid. see you tomorrow for x factor fun x
0	thank you to mark_sanchez and nickmangold for signing my jets football today i really appreciate it you guys are class acts!
0	olbagofdonuts sensationalism at its finest. next thing you know we'll be hearing that graham harrell may take aaron rodgers' spot. smh.
0	random friday fun: where in scotland, does legend have it, that merlin the wizard died??
0	watched 'gandhi' with gaurika today. was so nice answering her 100 questions. we should have some new age patriotic movies though...
0	dasha_vu its ravens 1st!....then jets...then eagles....get it right ;) lol
0	so glad to be back in the big apple. off tomorrow to florida. lookingfoward to a mini vacay longoverdue
0	real_colsylvia you wouldn't believe how many demon fans want you to succeed col - kick some butt today and be back for the eagles.
0	nfl update- jerricho cotchery is in negotiations with the pittsburgh steelers expected to take a physical today, ravens also interested.
0	later start this morning - off to get the stitch removed from my arm, then up into cumbria we go and scotland tomorrow! lejog go go go!
0	attention earnestpugh fans!! come worship with him august 16th ,2011 gmwa marriott florida ballroom tampa, fl 3:15pm! don't miss it!
0	i get a night out tonight! going to see cowboys vs. aliens because i'll see anything with a name like that, and then the oven door fell off.
0	i have austin n dallas coming deep to venue tonight. htown...lets show em how we do it out chea
0	man united's equaliser today was superb. hopefully we'll be seeing many arsenal moves like that (with a shot at the end!) this season.
0	we should donate it to arsenal.. they aint winning anythng! rt pritypinkyy: 19th community shield(yeah still silverware)
0	icanhonestlysay dexter is such a good show, i may order showtime just because of it.
0	man i love kmaiadanyelle..she stayed the night last night from detroit and we had a blast. love you 2wee.even tho we're right nxt to e/o ha
0	lord i say this prayer today bless the red sox in anoint them for thay shall have victory over the yankees today in jesus amen
0	would love to know the truth about amanda knox.
0	rt theellenshow: i just talked to melissa mccarthy. so happy she won last night. she called to offer me a role in bridesmaids 2.
0	had a pretty good night. jogging on the beach, swimming in my clothes. popcorn and family guy. excellent. :3
0	lil sis just got lead part in aladdin. she is 6 and has to learn 101 pages before friday. (she's aladdin, this is so typical of her!)
0	hughhefner make sure you & the girls watch seasons 1-5 of dexter, before season 6 premieres oct 2. seasons 1 & 4 are the best!
0	awesome week coming up. are you ready for some football ? ravens v. dream team thursday at 7:30 and redskins v....
0	opening today "the inbetweeners" (15) 20.45 and cowboys & aliens (12a) 20.20 remember it's super saver day,so you...
0	i have to start packing tomorrow for auburn just so i won't forget anything saturday morning.
0	kelseyspajamas for sure! tuesday noon et live on und.com ... irish and nebraska ... i know you'll be tuned in!
0	richellesampson at least by this time tomorrow the yankees will be standing on top once again!! who's ellsbury??
0	got some more great pix and vids tonight in chicago... not sure when they'll get uploaded, since i'm headed to detroit tomorrow.
0	all set for an amazing day tomorrow as i present to the church what happened in ireland! hopefully it goes smoothly!!
0	rt tomfelton: last day in mexico city , excited to meet everyone from in denver tomorrow
0	ironman uk, bolton highlights on tomorrow: 7.10 am on channel 4, or watch back on 4od! hope i can get a sneaky glimpse on it!
0	happy friday everyone. except you, gandhi. because you're dead. hahahahahahaha
0	praying for 1st and 2nd wave of leaders going to the "x factor" leadership retreat tomorrow! counting down till i join u all friday impact
0	the safest place to be in tottenham tonight is the spurs trophy cabinet. there's no chance of looters visiting there. gooners goonerpower
0	rt pretavoyager new website to go with one of my favorite days of the year in paris - nuit blanche! this saturday!
0	morning all! me he despertado he peusto la mtv y estaban hablando de green day! que bonito despertar!
0	heavy morning traffic on the brooklyn bridge at 6 am. i just want to say... i love new york city.
0	i was thrilled when melissa mccarthy won an emmy last night. she called me today to talk about her big win.
0	jennymccarthy best moment of the night melissa mccarthy i am trying to find the clip to write about it on my website...big fan of u both
0	sidlowe sanchez & cesc are excellent additions but can't see much central def cover? is mascherano 3rd cb or will pep trust the youngsters?
0	godfrey was kinda funny though on comedy central tonight.
0	i can't wait for october! 2justinbieber concerts! :) & i get to visit mexico city for the 1st time! great way to celebrate my sweet 16!
0	the_overtones looks like you guys had fun in 'sunny' scotland...looks as if there'll be some hungover'tones today... hadto x
0	first sounds of yea, alabama this morning plus nick saban stops by to speak to the band! very exciting morning! mdb
0	rt bmoregoodfellaz jeopardy where everyone will be watching the ravens vs eagles game this thursday... what is playbookmd ? goodanswer
0	zlzlml hello :d ,greetings from mexico city! when mblaq will come to visit the a+ mexican fans?,is true that go to brazil on september 7?
0	well it's sunday. does everyone feel better this morning? everton will be ok.
0	rt dc_zol: paramountuk cowboysandaliens watched it last night, cowboys & indians (+plus aliens too) - brilliant western with a touch ...
0	still on army duty in alabama but thinking about how lucky i am. dianakander married me 8yrs ago today.
0	so many gr8t things 2 do n detroit! get up & get at it! sun gonna shine bright! yur presence makes da day brighter! what's up n yur city?
0	so far i have drafted aaron rodgers at 9 overall, and then at 16 in the 2nd round, matt forte. not bad.
0	piersmorgan lennoxlewis realdonaldtrump quote of the night- if i were amarosa i would go to brooklyn bridge and be drowning myself funny
0	jets jetsnation on my way to nyc.will be on snytv tonite on jetsinsider at 7pm!can't wait to talk jets and nfl. everybody check it out!
0	yep and that might b my move in dallas tonight rt antwannettebond: true! tht would b fun.. breedlove_08
0	toycemonique i know! im still in alabama but ill be back soon. next thursday ill be featured at bakers so you gotta come through!
0	jamesdowdeswell 1 all with sporting braga yesterday. n'zogbia scored. bannan and ireland played really well. warnock looking up for it too.
0	myturtleneck cool! yah, lots of stuff going on that night with nuit blanche as well! it's going to be fun! sbnuitblancheto
0	havokgrimey yes. mexico.! im not from nikaragua. lma0. i swear idk were yu got that from.. im not even dark.! on the 17th(=
0	missmariejames party in the house tonight everybody gonna have a good time...happy independence day jamaica
0	midweek service tonight! 7:15 gulport 7:00 wiggins. there is not a better place to be on wednesday night than church!! see ya soon
0	heard a great pub rumour last night "ireland has started printing punt and has the ability to swap back" do we even have a currency press?
0	just caught up on tonight's x factor. genius. never fails to amuse. never seen dermot get mad before - total respect for the guy
0	having a good but long time in nfl training camp grind half day tomorrow=go time tonight
0	good morning :) tomorrows my birthday ahhh im so excited ^_^ tonight will be amazing beerandtacos wattup jets!
0	tomorrow's the day 2 fleebaggers get sent packing for good! on wisconsin! tcot teaparty wiunion wirecall gop tpx
0	nancyseeger lol! gonna make up for day off tomorrow! also bought vertical ipad stand so i can browser test w/the lot of 'em. geekgirl
0	been w/ audrey_emm, romo, & taylor for the last 3 days! hopefully seeing aquinobanana and aliyacakes and then goin' home w/her today heh
0	so dublin won the all ireland yesterday.. notreally getfucked gaa
0	madisonstapp haha we totally should!!! my mom just asked me if i wanted to leave thurs and stay in nyc until sat then go to italy and idk?
0	gaga_magnifique haha i duno=p i'll try to save heaps but mum said shed go halves and get me an ipad for my 21st but i said i want money hah
0	up the reds today evening as the arsenal's girls we'll lead the way into meadow park to face everton, tough game we must get full 3 points!
0	"...gandhi said, 'be the change you want to see in the world.' in this simple sentiment we can find hope..."
0	comedy central real goin hard tonight
0	good day today :) blessed now watching kevinhart4real on comedy central!!! lol love him!!!
0	yeah boiii entourage tonight, so pissed that there's only 3 epsdes until it ends. oh well on the up side dexter season 6 starts soon...ish
0	thecrossbarrsl it's pretty cool, that's for sure... uswmt wc, usmnt, epl on sat. mornngs on all on espn along with summer euro matches fun
0	black lion is where it's at tonight! 236 auburn ave! shout out to lacehge !
0	great catch! friend brad goddard snapped this picture of the aurora on friday night in nebraska. wx aurora
0	i'm excited to see the lions tomorrow :3
0	wow. just read a transcript of shannon sharpe's nfl hall of fame induction speech. i hope espn replays it again tonight.
0	15th august. the anthem still chokes me up. the flag still makes me proud. gandhi still looks over us. be happy& proud this independence day
0	tigers beat kansas city tonight 4-3...yay! and austin jackson got 1 on espn sportcenter top plays..........hurrah! nice catch austin!
0	thanks, sister! have a great 1st day in nebraska! pilove rt aksumler hope you have the most amazing time on your european adventure!! :)
0	church tonight was nothing but power! i feel so blessed to have a church filled with people who are amazing. wotm i &lt;3 u
0	luvvieig welcome home from nigeria! my 2nd sciam guest blog post is up, on us biosimilars market - will you read? :)
0	got my dexter fix for the night. until 2morw night dexter morgan.
0	marcia gay harden is 52 today...loved her svu roles as an fbi agent, and especially the "amanda knox" movie.
0	twitterverse blowing up about shannon sharpe's awesome hall of fame speech. we'll have the video clip on nfl.com a little later tonight.
0	rt thenewdeal: wisconsin: remember to vote tomorrow! consider it practice for recalling walker. practice makes perfect. wiunion wirec ...
0	my yahoo scoreboard is already showing the lions game vs cincinnati on friday. areyoufreakingkiddingme
0	caught up with x factor today and i love the new panel! such a good mix and after doubting tulisa i actually think she's fab
0	pamelamars 15th august.the anthem still chokes me up.the flag still makes me proud.gandhi still looks over us.happy independence day india
0	heading back to chesterfield for a job tomorrow after an intense & amazing few days in derby with the lostalone lads! dvd is looking ace!
0	sylvaind15tin good luck sylvain with your media debut today and even more luck for the season and the game against spurs. comeonyoublues
0	rt nick136 astonishing! police raid milan offices of standard & poor's || did u see this? this is the 1st time i have!
0	i have 2 say i thought the emmys were great tonight. melissa mccarthy, peter dinklage, kyle chandler, ty burrell, julie bowen- all amazing!
0	at ali's new gaff and she's making me dinner whilst i watch x factor. tuesday just got fucking ace.
0	htb, mob, pbc, strife, defeater, living with lions and the bronx today. aaawwh yeeeah hevy yeeeeahhh
0	tpdho yea got bk yesterday!! we'll figure sum out!! me, you, pooh, & dexter lol :)
0	willie horton: made in detroit: "i just remember my dad saying, 'we're going to sign a contract today, and you'r...
0	ravens sign ricky williams ohhhhh leeeeee dueeetttttt blackbirdgang...they bout to smokeout the locker room tonight
0	hairydm morning? isn't it nearly afternoon in ireland? :d oh, and good morning to you!
0	good luck and have fun! i'm think about ya'll in dallas today. dallasbvb brunetteinbigd fight alzheimers
0	rt msolveig: we love italy ! tonight in marina di pietrasanta with iamlafaille
0	bible study at ffchurch tonight! so stoked! haven't been back since ny and bama.
0	another huge fireworks show dearborn homecoming, big enough to rival detroit s, & it happen again tomorrow night!
0	good day! and to mak it even better, my clothes from american eagle came in! church tonight too! : )
0	mma - espn.com: espn video: on the night of his explosive win, dan henderson relives his ...espn.go.com/video/cl...
0	enjoying a night of dexter with domoniquep07 :)
0	hope elianacwg_31 lives it up tonight.. love you mama.. will visit dallas soon :))
0	rt frenchtwistdc: dc's version of paris' nuit blanche is just 6 days away!! i can't wait ;-)
0	miranda_lambert i heard "baggage claim" yesterday in nebraska!! ready to get it on itunes!!!
0	milansolo thanks for your many tweets tonight milan. can't believe i was in the wrong place (milansofficial). you made all fans so happy.
0	fun day!! walked over the brooklyn bridge... ate waaaaaay to much!! tomorrow fingers crossed i get standing room for book of mormon! night!
0	may the peace of god that excels all thought be with nigeria..amen..rt jessykarh: pray for peace in nigeria!!
0	family guy on netflix, i think i'm sleeping downstairs tonight
0	i saw a photo of aaron rodgers with some awesome scruff going on today. did i mention he was at the white house today? iz cool.
0	ravens play eagles on the 11th at 730! getpumped
0	mr gary barlow you look hot on x factor tonight :)
0	rt espnstatsinfo: red sox, phillies flying high as they take out the yankees and giants this afternoon. cc rocked, hamels dominates... ...
0	sunday night concert in the park! eagles cover band, pretty good!
0	having a good sunday, sooooooo happy that college and nfl season is almost here, the weekend sucks without football!!!!
0	social3i do it! with all the shade, it's the perfect summer outing. plus the penguins, lions, bears, wolves... were all very active today.
0	finally home from florida,annoying that we lost but on 2 the next 1 as jay-z says : ).looking forward 2 relaxing tonight and tomorrow xx
0	rt"3gerardpique: great win 2-0 against america to end the usa tour! now, it's time to play against italy on wednesday with spain! tourfcb"
0	florida!! get your tickets to the locash cowboys show aug 26th at boots n buckles.they are selling like hotcakes!!
0	marty was in nebraska yesterday giving a talk that included bullying that made the news there. fun times learning!
0	franhalsall you in london on wednesday? we're being tourists with my brother's merlin pass!! hope you're having a good break :)
0	remember to tune into this weeks legend quest on syfy tonight. the team are on the trail of merlin and king solomon - what a fine blend!
0	1st prize.rm 5000 with 4 x ipad 2 (each person) trophy, & certificate of participation. lulz, wanna joinnnnnnnnnnnnn -___-
0	i'm hanging out with "green day" tonight.... gonna invite the "4 non blondes" to join us after a while..... i love music
0	lynnemcgranger i would also just like to point out that the eagles had a win today ;-))
0	i reckon the match between bolton and man city should be good tomorrow! footballseason
0	sept 11th, sunday night football, cowboys vs. jets... oh boy oh boy, i can't wait to see the cowboys ruin the jets opening day!
0	mark_ingram28 cause ur cool since bama, mark! awesome! roll tide + watching you every sunday! god bless! rtr!
0	rt picbadges: august 14 is pakistan's independence day! get ready for the celebrations with a patriotic picbadge .t ...
0	melissa mccarthy, jane lynch make emmy night chicagoriffic
0	melissa mccarthy and margo martindale! congrats! any other mm's tonight?
0	listening to andrewripp on my ipad while cleaning the house tonight. all i want to do is sing & dance around. great tunes! :)
0	witnessed a perfectly executed crash landing in the gulf of mexico today. whatabadass
0	karmalitam haha , course not ! and im coming to pick you .. milan & taylor up from school one friday . so be prepared (:
0	arsenalladies fawsl 18 of us watching kimlittle16 and the girls tonight beat everton live on espn in a bar with a beer in spain, coyg !!
0	ebrown2112 i am happy about the modern family wins tonight but definitely saddened by the fnl loss. also so stoked for melissa mccarthy! :)
0	itfc last season millwall started with 3-0 win at bristol city. 2nd match, you've got it, hull city at home!omen! lions won that one 4-0.
0	jay_bone48 purphaze_29 i'm hopin y'all are gonna be around thursday to welcome me with open arms on my permanent move back to clemson..
0	rt farrukhsiddiqui: preparations to mark the 64th independence day of pakistan in a befitting manner on august 14 are in full swing! a ...
0	pimp chronicles, seriously funny & kill the messenger... comedy central is luv tonite
0	rt itsjessikah: that's a beautiful dream! rt gqswaggg: i also had a dream last night that football season started and the ravens ... h ...
0	today: the last two wisconsin recalls (for now) // keep up the extraordinary work wisconsin!
0	arm hurts like crazy open house tomorrow and church tonight!!!! i love them so much &lt;3
0	really looking forward to watching tony romo run for his life tonight! ekd92 1_900_ayersjr millerlite40 coming with it. orangecrush
0	later today: cowboys and aliens, good food, my chemical romance and blink 182 show with strikeupthecool and her friends. jazzed 2 teh max!
0	church tonight with the bestfriends! winning &lt;3
0	thank you to everyone who joined us on the bus on saturday and all the other lions supporters at loftus. it was awesome seeing loftus red!
0	mancity strikers aguero and dzeko you better thrash bolton tomorrow night!
0	coronasfinest ooo ... i think he's in milan. are you happy today?
0	swimfanatic454 thanks i am! :)i saw the hollywood sign today!!!!! and in disney i got to meet a really hot aladdin lol :)
0	andy rooney will make his last appearance on 60 minutes this sunday. if anything, this proves there is a god.
0	dazzlindez hotspur18 don't feel obliged to discuss dexter tonight. living it large in brighton so please use direct messages....
0	marlitah pretty cool names. i have one cat, a black cat named merlin, who leaps on my chest in the middle of the night. a heart attack soon
0	sox beat the yankees tonight, great day to move from ny to boston
0	"onekybabydoll: wisconsin don't forget to vote today!! vote democrat!! go wisconsin.wiunion." its critical to vote. gop thinks you wont
0	rt tomkitchin: check out my column in scotland on sunday scotonsunday today on the glorious grouse - can't wait for friday!
0	welp glad i listened to my instincts and started romo ...we'll see how he does tonight though
0	i understand where u gt it frm..lol rt halo_juelz: sunday best. why my granny just say yolanda & donnie look like aladdin & jasmine. lol
0	deeds9219 going to florida with the fam, i'ma be back tuesday tho. don't trash the room up too much! lol.
0	isaiah's prayer tonight: "...and god, thank you for all the wonderful animals you made. like bears, lions, tigers and pterodactyls." love th
0	justinbieber is creeping! rt me justin love ya so excited for the concert in october mexico loves you&lt;3 u inspire me
0	yo i'm so pumped 4 thursday. ravens vs eagles. let's get it!!
0	off to bed,there's only one kenny miller.well done you lions,well done my 3rd team pompey
0	comedy central made my night tonight
0	scooterbraun justinbieber tomorrow i'm going to buy the tickets of the concert in mexico city,obviously in the first line
0	good old trade union rep father is going to ring up from italy tonight to coach me in what to say/do tomorrow at work :)
0	concert in dallas was a success tonight! t'was very hot tho! church in the a.m. then back to detroit!
0	rt eurostaruk: experience the excitement of the nuit blanche, an all night art and culture festival in paris:
0	jared_akins trying to do the same ha. but i've been good. just waiting to be up in auburn with y'all in january
0	rt robbakerashton: heading back to chesterfield for a job tomorrow after an intense & amazing few days in derby with the lostalone lad ...
0	watching director's cut of alien. maybe it will give us some ideas for merlin tomorrow. :-)
0	it's singapore's independence day today! happy national day! can't wait for the parade this evening!
0	you're going to ban straight to dvd disney movies? "aladdin 4: jafar may need glasses" 1 or 2? umm... hahahah familyguy
0	dougmaciver i think i've become a jets fans over the last few months, their 1st game is on my birthday too! gojetsgo
0	roddywhitetv good morning rooody!! much love mane from bama! ready to see you do what you do! smoke da fins tomorrow!
0	re: what did you do to your bike today ?: heat finally broke here in nebraska this am. it was a nice 67 degrees ...
0	i just finished dexter, season 5. i seriously can't wait until season 6 on october 2! check out the trailer for it here.
0	dallas!!! are you ready to come have a great night with us?! we can't wait to blow the roof off with you!
0	lagalaxy thanks. still have love for my galaxy!! i will cheering us on to victory at the stadium club tonite!! beat dallas!!
0	i spent the majority of my weekend sitting in bed, editing & watching the entire 1st season of dexter. 'twas divine. i have no regrets.
0	a win over england on the 5th day of the 3rd test match will give us one more reason to celebrate the independence day! via sachislife
0	bronzy_brwnskn lol of course!! my fav disney movie is the 1st aladdin...i love the 2nd one too
0	oliviawilde 'cowboys and aliens' comes to uk theatres on august 17th. it looks pretty good. gonna see it for my b'day on august 23rd.
0	i'm really pleased with your concert in mexico on october 1 and of course i'll be there! justinbieber
0	wise words of kristin chenoweth: knowing when to leave may be the smartest thing you'll ever learn
0	going to see young savage saturday w/ my girls. lol,
0	pakistan hopeful of bangladesh visit: pakistan's cricket board said sunday it hopes to arrange a tour by banglad...
0	a bit of sunday fun, shot in whitstable, kent and muscat, oman! 'down poured the heavens': via youtube
0	awhh i can't wait for stevie tv! i wish it was march 4 already!
0	yup it's national bieber day , cuz our baby just turned 18 justinbieber loveyaforevernalways
0	vh1 is going to kill friday after next
0	dear us and australian directioners just knw tht cuz i live in ireland doesn't mean i knw niall r country may see small but it's not :) x
0	okami hd makes me wish i had a ps3. i may just wait for the ps4 and hope that all of psn's games are on the ps4 store as well.
0	buzzin to see santino, zack ryder, aj and layla turn the lights on at braehead tuesday hahaha woowoowoo
0	down at chesters tonight playing some bass with the august james band. can't wait to see what songs we know how to play!
0	playstation network maintenance scheduled for october 15 that'll be the new store then. exciting!
0	heading to putrajaya, may allah bless along the way!
0	men's club basketball game at gonzaga in the rudolph fitness center court 1 on monday, november 5th at 8:15pm!!! spread the word people!
0	gr8imperfection it's the cool, tasty ice cream sandwich upgrade it may take some getting used to since it's new.^th
0	nova friends, you won't want to miss this monday!! fairfax victory rally w/ mitt &amp; the gop team mitt2012
0	silent house was decent...now time to watch advengers for the 2nd time. got a lowkey crush on iron man &amp; thor
0	happy birthday to haryana. march on the path to progress....
0	aarongoodwin pretty picture floridas sky's look like that sometimes i love watching sun set.. and by the way my gma loves u
0	catherinebelll i watched good witch for the 1st time. what a wonderful show. i've seen all ur jag and army wives. ur fan ara
0	happy casimir pulaski day! (and i do realize the day is almost over but it still is monday, march 5th, so i say it`s fine.)
0	milleniumlady taken sitting at the window of the st david's hotel cardiff bay when ian and i were celebrating our 25th wedding anniversary.
0	y'all know that one boy that makes it seem like he won 1st place in the kentucky derby whenever he gets a good grade. yeah. we have that now
0	chefelf1 i like those too1 i love old movies 30s &amp; 40s i was 9 living on okinawa the 1st time i saw it happened 1 nite on aft
0	good luck to all my babies taking history and physics tomorrow! may the force be with you! make history!
0	well bummer the vikings just lost to wsh :( ......oh well tomorrow is another day,good try boys! buck up boo's we still love u always!
0	now it's november won't b long til xmas music starts on vh1. can't wait all day everyday
0	ammunitiondepot good morning! do you come up as north as plant city for the shows? we will be at the nov 17th show.
0	25 yrs ago, blessed pope john paul ii visited the archdiocese of detroit-- the 1st papal visit to mi in history.
0	sallydubats may your new year be filled with magic.
0	the bulls are going to kick the kings asses tomorrow night.
0	"rbkd: rui en's off to macau tomorrow for the filming of poetic justice. and here's a note from her :)
0	the late great andrew breitbart's new movie, occupy unmasked, comes out friday. who's going? tcot gop teaparty
0	casually walking around the house singing,dancing and yelling "robsten is unbroken yo! october 15 2012 yo!" i think i'm gonna faint yo! :')
0	sneak peak: this sunday is going to be a big day in adventure park!
0	mbn reveals 10 in orlrank tomorrow (top 10 players in magic franchise history). can't wait to reveal who it is.
0	photo: dr. seuss has always been one of my favorite people. his work may have been surreal, but it always...
0	atlhustlerclub so stoked! i'm going to the irving plaza nyc show on november 18th c:
0	happy birthday to roman abramovich the man who made everything possible, i hope we'll give him his present on the 28th. cfc
0	great shows at java jazz in jakarta. just landed in tokyo and we'll be at billboard live tomorrow with al jarreau & the george duke trio.
0	pray for: the peace of jerusalem. pray for the peace of jerusalem! may they be secure who love you! ps122
0	great photo exhibition: everything was moving: photography from the 60s and 70s / untill 13 jan 2013 barbican centre
0	magnificent scallop monday is on now! a fresh lot of whangamata scallops has just arrived at iguana. head in and...
0	jaredgriffith28 ohh cool, start going to fca on thursday mornings!
0	love him or hate him but so excited about getting to meet ted nugent tomorrow night :)
0	just about that time!! nba season jumps off tomorrow!! my preseason mvc's (most valuable cats) terrencejones1 and brandonknight07 bbn
0	x0kaelyn thank youuuuuuu &lt;3 wanna come over tomorrow after 5 or wanna wait for me at monroe with grace jurrel so we can get ~~~~~
0	my sunday nights haven't been the same since lazofficial has been gone from breakout kings. i wonder what he's doing next? can't wait 2 c!
0	in honor and remembrance of tom hagedorn "light the night" and support women's soccer tomorrow at 7pm as they take on gonzaga. uofsandiego
0	last day to buy spc cards is tomorrow! please support so we're able to give you an awesome halloween!
0	whoop whoop it is kids eat free wednesday!! swing into o'briens irish pub | plant city, tonight for kids eat free...
0	a signed tom boonen shirt is only one of the items in the eyclassics auction. curious for more? joing us this sunday!
0	that last tweet was to hf thanks for the day off tomorrow!! notttt
0	i can't wait to see the lakers tomorrow....
0	wichita state evens match 1-1 with 25-18 2nd set win. watch live at or follow at
0	indomienoodlez may allah grants us all our hrt desires n make us better prsns than the yrs before
0	even though we just play troy this saturday, i still can't wait to watch tennessee play! truevolfan gobigorange
0	mikeisthestig not in the afghan halal meat shop but it may as well be with the amount of afghans and halal meat in the house!!
0	to whom it may concern in luxembourg: you liked the madoff affair you will enjoy the apollonia affair affaireapollonia
0	fizzer18 nice one phil big nose on soccer sat telling everyone you said mersey derby better than manc one loadofbollocks
0	today was an awesome day but it is quite sad for me and my teammates :) . qian , yue , ying and jun :)
0	march fourth marching band is sound checking and sounds awesome. don't miss this show tonight.
0	cerullean, thnx for the follow! the chronicles of jan sound hilarious! love the tribe of periscopes. very douglas adams.
0	-but saturday.. if you can make it to monroe, please do so ! the after party for 3 different games is all in one. gsu jsu ull ulm tech
0	foothill vs. laguna hills is cox3 game of the week. it airs friday 11:30 pm saturday 1 and 8 pm sunday 1 and 7 pm 9/17 8 pm 9/18 8 pm
0	ok guys. hate on sjp all you want, just remember, you have school tomorrow. havefun
0	cavillafuertee hi baby :*** see you tomorrow on sm sta.rosa ! yaay !
0	infinite's last date of their japan arena tour is on the 22nd of november. lucky fans, they get to be with dongwoo on his birthday.
0	good to see danny care starting the 3rd test against the boks. great player who's very quick at the base of the rucks rugby
0	studying anatomy &amp; watching army wives is what the rest of my night consist of, can't wait for a little break with marybwelch tomorrow!
0	tomorrow i'm going to the knicks vs celtics game ^.^ cool
0	demi lovato will perform at the 2013 houston rodeo on march 3rd!! get your tickets!
0	i'm gonna be blasting "find me" all day on the 14th. i hope the neighbors like christina grimmie.
0	amazing work directioners! little things was number 1 on the hot30countdown tonight! can we do it again tomorrow? challengeaccepted
0	spoiler alert!!! watch the teen choice awards on studio 23 this sunday, christina grimmie might be there. have a good weekend!
0	12th film at mtnfest: winged seduction: birds of paradise. this was the sexiest movie at banff. if you think mating birds are sexy.
0	aye if u guys like basketball the nba league pass is free for november 6th find the channels on comcast or direct tv
0	argopariadji justsharing a video bout hebrew letters, its interesting, may it bless ye: by joseph prince
0	huntinglife thanks for the follow. you may need a super rope cinch for hunting. ted nugent loves it. check out
0	howay newcastle beat the mackems and then we can do them over next tuesday! nufc mfc
0	the only 2nd coming i'm interested in is springsteen bringing his wrecking ball back to the uk hisalmightybruceness
0	mzmocha_barbiee girl i been in timmonsville since may 4th and yayyy you miss me lol
0	the_georgehotel i worked at chesters, &amp; the george was our 2nd home, we loved it. ill certainly be back! :-)
0	"packinsider: as we reported earlier in the day, pg lorenzo brown will have surgery on tuesday. " hoping 4 speedy recovery
0	micca tomorrow. my support for the marching band is ridiculous. needstostop butilovethemsomuch itssoearly eyeswithpride maybenextyear
0	excited for tomorrow's photo session with indhi fashion design studio at theloniousstudios
0	bright side of the sun - recapping the recaps: see what others said about the suns loss to warriors suns
0	the marching band is playing the 3rd quarter dance song right now and i can hear it from my class. i gotta do it, can't stop...
0	tomorrow, okami will be released on psn in hd. can't wait to play it again! to me, it's one of the greatest games ever made! okami clover
0	tennessee is going to kill troy on saturday!
0	i'm hooked on horse racing..i've been to the del mar racetrack in san diego..and now i wanna go to the kentucky derby..
0	on june 29, andrew breitbart offered a $100,000 reward to anyone for the "full 'journolist' archive, source fully protected".
0	tomorrow night it's your chance to slay a dragon in jerusalem's old city!
0	premier league team of the week: van persie makes cut for 10th time this season as szczesny, evans & ashley young star
0	first game of the season for the lakers tomorrow cantwait
0	andiweimann i hope you start on saturday , no coincidence our best performances of the season vs swansea &amp; nufc you started. avfc utv
0	$150 for george strait in march at the houston rodeo?! looks like i need to start saving! :)
0	in rugby news, basrfc are winning 26-5 at cobham, with the four-try bonus point in the bag. see the monday gazette for a full report.
0	be sure to watch the broadcast premiere of the official 2012 iditarod race documentary - sunday 6-8pm.
0	new listing coming in laguna hills, ca! 5 bed plus bonus room, pool, 3 car garage...to hit the market officially tomorrow!
0	plant city is babysitting nyc palm trees for the winter. crap like this cracks me up!
0	sunday night lounging! jett lounge is the destination! big leo celebration! everybody free all night! pool t
0	turns out saturday's match at white hart lane was ramires' 100th for the club. that's a big milestone.
0	mark martin's the 1st to crack 191 mph, and now leads a mwr 1-2 (bowyer 2nd) and toyota 1-2-3 (kyle 3rd) after 36 cars. nascar
0	happy bday big boss!!!! chelseaindo happy birthday roman abramovich (24 october 1966) wish you all the best :)) cfc
0	oomzee just realized i had 400 credits on my acc left, got one pack nothing in it but a free pack with it, di maria 2nd pack :)
0	babysitting all day tonight... blahhh.. but cant wait for friday!! club pulse baby!!!! whoot whoot!!!!
0	open lobby was fun today... hopefully it'll be cool tomorrow too.
0	happy birthday roman abramovich (24 october 1966) &gt;&gt; keep the blue flag flying high &lt;3
0	so proud of the ladies from my family group from kremlin today who placed 3rd at the j-high state cross country meet! so proud of ya ladies!
0	jose mourinho: "we want to win the playoff, and if we win tomorrow, that's best" halamadrid
0	"bieberbucks: march 1st is national bieber day! wooohoooo! :)" [like it? ]
0	aaah, just got silent house in the post!! :d gonna wait to watch it until tomorrow or sunday though!
0	iguana in the desert. no shade. the sun is high in the sky. he can handle it. don't bet against him.
0	let our nov.6 vote be in andrew breitbart's name. let's show he did not die in vain! a vote for romney=a vote for andrew
0	who wants to party with tay and i saturday night in troy?! ;) for real though.....
0	cliff avril says he's feeling fine following the bye. said he thought he would have played had the lions had a game sun.
0	and its finally here, strawberry festival today 9-5 and tomorrow 10-4, thank you god for the answered prayer of no rain!!
0	headed to mcadory high to speak to the football team. get these boys ready so they can straight boom on brookwood tomorrow night lehgo
0	7:23 a young savage named suadonte wright was born , i love you baby &amp; may your soul rest&lt;3333 i miss you donnnn !
0	if you're ever having a bad day watch too cute on animal planet. it's all about the 1st few weeks 4 baby animals, mostly puppies &amp; kittens.
0	maino and the mafia love at infinity tomorrow for hustlehardwednesdays w/ djjstar djfirstchoice djself
0	kirsty_182 my older brother is going to see tenacious d on sunday and dave grohl is going to be playing the drums there!!!!!!!
0	west yorkshire police &amp; cps have advised danny care he will not be charged in relation to alleged sexual assault in leeds on march 3.
0	nestacks it will be good for hoop so get ready dec .25 u kno we will c lakers vs heat
0	robyn_bryant well its my favorite 4th doctor story and its written by douglas adams. and if youve ever read the 1st dirk gently book (1of2)
0	see you guys tomorrow at sm sta. rosa! i'll be performing for sm cyberzone grand launch event :)
0	october 22 .. see you sm bacolod ! :"&gt; see you there sweet heart! &lt;3
0	tombraider i'm awake! i love the cover of the new tomb raider! can't wait till march 5th!
0	gonna be at sm sta. rosa today 4pm with krissy &amp; october 17 with jasmine curtis, khalil ramos &amp; enrique gil moa see youuuu
0	vegan_punk ayup! hope alls okay. we're heading chesters on sat if you guys are free and fancy meeting for some lunch? no probs...
0	mark martin winning the the no bull million during the coca-cola 600 were the 2nd most compelling set of laps i've yet seen. nascar nscs
0	check out the amazing world music festival organized for the 7th consecutive year by rialto theatre in limassol!
0	mark your calendars ladies: luke bryan will be at the houston rodeo march 16th, then george the 17th!! sarbeco a_festervan kristenklee
0	big day out on 10nov quozhappens. gallery hopping/talks/guided tours &amp; more. my list of must see galleries/events
0	don't forget to drop by the barbican centre's conservatory tomorrow for our annual summer reading challenge event! ages 4-11 2-4pm free!
0	gut decision. sharon van etten &gt; cat power. elicited emotion in me like the 1st moment i heard trespassers william, or casimir pulaski day.
0	lmaoo! nvme68 gonna have to fight me now... think ima wear my warriors gear tomorrow just cause... lol
0	we need some sunday magic like his 62 in the final round of the honda classic!
0	sunday dinner, mersey side derby and man u chelsea. decent day ahead
0	hey don't forget our show at the rex theatre is sunday! anyone want a ticket contact us!
0	boro 3rd in table and look good a great performance today. lets drag that to the mackems on tuesday! utb
0	leo,virgo?! club pulse is the move this thursday! leos &amp; virgos are free before 12! also co-hosted by evalesco! evalesco will be there!!!!
0	next sat's kids' club film is the lorax with more fun 'n' free activities before the film from 10:30am, film 11:15
0	shocking! warriors may actually have the best coaching staff in the pacific division. gsw nba lakers clippers suns kings
0	cavillafuertee cav ! see you tomorrow sa sm sta.rosa !! :**
0	hibanffhostel mtnorquay would love to! flying out to van on the 14th and working in whistler! will defo head over to banff tho!! canada
0	make sure that you're decked out in your red, white, and blue tomorrow for america day! let's make this homecoming week great. merica
0	okinawa concert is going to air on 1 nov. hope someone will record it. i would love to see seunggi &amp; shinhye :)
0	also excited to see simcity and bf3 armored kill during the ea conference tomorrow
0	looking forward to going to carrow road with my brother tonight coys (he must've forgiven me for my behaviour at white hart lane in april)
0	i just peed myself: anthropologie to open knoxville store
0	pm ready for reply on coal blocks: congress: new delhi, aug 22 (ians) with the bharatiya janata party (bjp)...
0	who wants to to a knoxville ice bears hockey game with me november 9? yaknowyawanna
0	tomorrow is the big day! discount prices on botox and juvederm! call and make an appointment! botox juvederm madison
0	come to the club monday night! hope to see you there! open mic night 6:30 - 9 pm at iguana located at 240 w 54 st, nyc
0	just claimed a sandwich after the employee explicitly called out, "cheese trifecta for demetria!" not my name or my order so happy tues guys
0	djjanice891 hi there dj janice.. can you play "cold summer nights by francis m." in way back wed.? this is for you starlight.. :)
0	new favorite below the cherry moon (from coming album, brighter, out march 5th 2012) by whomadewho on soundcloud
0	brandonivm i recommend going to see behind the mask at laguna hills mall on the 30th :)
0	happy friday everyone. it is 07.48 in south africa. a great day to all and enjoy a super weekend :)
0	another day of iss tomorrow. it won't even that bad.
0	directioners! little things video will be out at 8pm uk time tomorrow. which means it will be 1:30am in india :) i'll be travelling! :'(
0	i wish i have the ability to influence everyone to like rui en hahaa c'mon she's so cute
0	trill young savage finna walk around the crib naked tomorrow tho. best believe!
0	martinamcbride just found out that justin beiber is going to be in nyc when you are on long island december 7! i know emma is a fan! :)
0	looks like my return flight is scheduled for november 9, of course it's subject to change. at least i'm stranded in jerusalem, what a city!
0	remember people, rui en's poeticjustice will debut on 11 sept 12. see you again in 1 month's time! ;)
0	awesome show today with jimmy bryson. tomorrow though we have trent anderson and rhonda rousey also more reo tickets to giveaway. listenup
0	davetaylor2112 hey there david taylor. nice to have you along sir. how is your friday? mushroomfm
0	&gt;&gt; directioners!! now we have to prove that we are a big family!! on friday, the movie to be released song...
0	tomorrow!!!! forevertheday will be playing at the strawberry festival in watsonville from 11am - 12pm! come out and support ftd!!
0	monday is a moon day! enjoy a sleep-in tomorrow &amp; a little extra rest. come to the workshop with harmony lichty...
0	rastafaryebread i'm so excited for the magic game this friday. we play denver so don't un-follow me
0	sarahsilvester3 hello sweetie, hope your enjoying your hols. found you on here through e l james, i'm half way through 2nd bk after 4days!x
0	may 5. badhabitz heads to chesters in appleton, wi to rock the house. don't miss this show!
0	wow i just noticed that dongwoo and eunkwang share the same birth date, 22 november 1990. omgyu ma awesome biasseu ~
0	muhommadusman thanks brother. honestly speaking saw you 1st time with kamran shahid and felt that ik has made so many ik's like u. keep gng
0	went to the strawberry festival with my babe earlier today and now being lazy. maybe a dinner date tonight to top off this perfect sunday :)
0	hannahlanase08 only sofia andres will go here on sunday at sm bacolod. . 5pm. . are you going ? ;) -t
0	chuckydbaby ryandepouw11 lorenzo brown over taylor any day of the week. 6'5 with just as good if not better skill set
0	aw_er_the_place hey pamela! off to oslo tomorrow then canada after that! we will get that drink one day!
0	good morning!! the sun is brightly shining in east york, it's going to be a great day!
0	realising the brighton game is on sky tomorrow has made my day bhafc misstheamex
0	isat's tomorrow. make it or break it for north georgia. getting a good nights sleep tonight.
0	oxygen &amp; vh1 get the most ratings on monday nights. . . lol we aint playing no games i cant wait till tonight
0	dmv i will be performing live dc star this saturday w/ big and the band shout to sunshine + bennyt
0	don't forget fca won't meet tomorrow morning. we will just meet after the football game on the field with sahs fca. dontmissit freepizza
0	lukeplunkett i agree with you re: tomb raider box art. may be an encouraging sign? too early to tell. but still, classy.
0	it's all about reptiles this saturday, november 3rd! meet animal planet's gator boys, enjoy live venomous...
0	feet first has princetontec headlamps! hope to so you all at the young life 5k saturday.
0	simcity will do, also i can't wait to see the simcity team on tuesday
0	is anybody going to the strawberry festival, in leicestershire... i will be painting there live on the friday and saturday
0	~on istep i passed math but not english o well i am going to the 9th grade wooooooooaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh
0	ladies will have a free day tomorrow. hope they enjoy rest of their time in okinawa. miss2012
0	finally saw the stevie tv promo! i am so proud of you, stevieryan!! (march 4th, vh1)
0	happy birthday wilt chamberlain may you rest in peace
0	amazing that derrick, on his 28th birthday, gets called up from the d league to an incredible franchise like the san antonio spurs.
0	today - is the annual marijuana march in toronto! happy weed march everyone in toronto and of course all...
0	yes, it is us: " black triangle sighting in olmsted falls, ohio on october 12th 2012 - triangular sape... " aliens
0	i just had a fantastic meal at the lovely vanessa's house! &lt;3 then off to the middle of nowhere aka new hampshire tomorrow!
0	"diana: a celebration" is officially open to the public! our hours are 9 a.m. to 5 p.m. today, 10 a.m. to 5 p.m. tomorrow.
0	happy friday! we do believe in magic? what about you?
0	so cycle fan tweeps,who is going to win the mens race tomorrow then? i reckon phillip gilbert or tom boonen (swoon!)
0	yingullmann whatever plans you may have with your family, have a beautiful weekend, ying! ff
0	roger johnson looked good on tuesday. looks like he wants to play for us now. hopefully he'll show why we paid the money for him! wwfc
0	-saturday night be at the barack shrine in monroe ! teamlcf gone be in full affect ! gsu jsu ull ulm latech letzgetit lacollegefest
0	yo_bfkeeper haha just like me.! we both got sent to iss on a friday
0	friday night lights: west liberty 21 mediapolis 56 pulling for you comets!
0	liked the noesen/rakell/wilson line tonight, although they faded a bit in 2nd half. connor carrick (wsh) and garret meurs (col) good too.
0	mar_mermaid i love you maria :* you have to text me tomorrow i have to tell you something, you might pee your pants , just a warning xoxox
0	oii premierleague make martin atkinson referee for cfc vs mufc clash on 28th. thanks &lt;3
0	and rhonda rousey has officially won by armbar..for the 6th time. 6-0.
0	caraway wins by sub in the 3rd but i still think rhonda rousey could beat him. gfyh thaoshow
0	so pumped for no school tomorrow and sleeping in and even more excited for the hooch tennessee here i come!!
0	more primary filing mess, timmonsville is at it again, and more 7th congressional interviews. thank god it is friday! flosc
0	just heard my bud familycycling rode with tom boonen specialized yesterday. tourofcalifornia goes off sunday
0	scottporter i loved the episode!!! can;t wait until hart of dixie returns november 13th!!
0	andrew breitbart's 1st site was big hollywood. he risked every penny he had to promote right-of-center artists willing to help themselves.
0	interview w arnie on dinner in mexico with wilt chamberlain and andre the giant-mighty collection of fools, but admit you'd love to the 4th!
0	lyla95 i put it on my laptop a while back, i thought it may be a little boring, but it's surprisingly not, plus it's hosted by hammond;)
0	"women_of_christ: jesus died for you, knowing you might never love him back. that is true love." try wed night game at sjp in jan true love
0	kevindixie you may as well write "ooooh look i got some free stuff" dixie your such a ponce!
0	stancollymore espanyol vs barcelona on 27 september - 15 mins with barca scoring a pen in the last minute to win
0	kristin chenoweth says she is glad to be in bethlehem for saturday performance
0	unobscured, the sun will shine again! stand in your anointment - this too shall pass! see trailer &amp; where to buy book
0	mtracey fluke's famous for something said about here, not anything she did. weird they had her scheduled to speak in the 1st place.
0	monarchs ii 2 v 1 madras goals from kendo_22 and capt. teare in the 2nd half gave the second team another great win midland hockey fig
0	got a vibe that the mvc is going to be happy with ncaa pairings tomorrow. 3 will get in and i'm starting to think wichita st will be 4.
0	do remember this saturday 10/27 tho.. it's a celebration. we just tryna have a good time. mikejrga beed
0	woolimboys oppa you may have ur style like hoya oppa.dun worry,even now,you have a lot of fans , like me !!
0	lovemesomehead i really want wakaflockabsm to tweet me since i bought 4 tickets to his concert october 9th irving plaza nyc
0	ooshma garg started her 2nd successful company, gobble. watch how she got to one of her biggest investors--reid hoffman
0	if you missed it, secret rebel base celebrate may 4th by celebrating ralph mcquarrie: starwars may4thbewithyou
0	happy wednesday!!glad to see iebc blow the first whistle with voting zone list !mps protest!
0	we can't possibly say enough good things about both march fourth marching band and moon hooch linking up for...
0	tanuki_meatball schmidtsrevenge tomorrow is the big day, see you at bna
0	sufjan steven's song casimir pulaski day may be one of the greatest songs ever made.
0	lol. so haryana has a day off tomorrow because it's "haryana day".
0	super excited for homecoming saturday with monroe! :d my new nephew is here but i can't see him :(
0	ualr fights off 3 match point by asu to win 27-25. we are going 5. asu 1-0 while ualr 5-4. 5th time is sbc play for ualr, 1st for red wolves
0	occupy unmasked with andrew breitbart - citizens united productions via sharethis*happy &amp; cheery monday!* lol or no???
0	wightcartipper it is a bit crappy but looking better for the weekend - sjp says cold but sunny for saturday's trekking :-)
0	2ne1 rocks okinawa with stylish airport fashion: on 2012 october 28th,
0	snap_kaka_pop just sent the ffc unibet preview for tomorrow through and, by the way, louis saha's genuinely two-footed.
0	mourinho happy with cup win: jose mourinho was satisfied with real madrid's 4-1 first leg win at alcoyano on wed...
0	that's it now for 2012, life doesn't star again til 3 march 2013 when paris-nice starts. tour of qatar in feb is quite jolly though cycling
0	mike_enotiades you can breathe a sigh of relief now the queen of the nerds is back. you'll have to look out at sjp tomorrow too :)
0	big day in the sun now a big night in the heat with tobybinge poppinbottles
0	i'm excited for the new tomb raider game even though it comes out in march. they're talking it back to the start don't you know?
0	salsa sundays just don't stop! join your favorite lady dj ms. mar y soul this sunday at iguana for an evening of...
0	happy 17th to hrt! we love you!!! shan &amp; t-bone's
0	cloudy in the valley, good luck on your 2nd day of classes!! see you in the emerald city (isat)
0	i wanna see studio footage so bad. we are about to hear some unreleased stuff! likeeeeeeeeee i can't wait until sunday.
0	trifecta! this friday get off your butt and come out to halls to show some support as volleyball, soccer, and football take down the devils!
0	my 2nd time seeing nickiminaj was wen me kiaya n chante went to the dc star we stood in line 330pm n they open the club doors at 12am lol
0	univb has its biggest weekend of the season (so far) starting tonight! missouri state 7pm, wichita state tomorrow 8:30pm
0	nothing against ecl and isat, but it sure is nice being in my own apartment for work. will be even nicer tomorrow when i set up the desktop!
0	interesting to see cliff avril start. told me wednesday he wasn't sure if he was ready to go. obviously, he is.
0	finished filling out the fafsa for this scholarship application. hopefully it's processed before november 15, 'cause i need it by then.
0	smoking a hoya de monterey... smooth70s on the radio... glass of red in hand... loving my sunday !!
0	scooterbraun im from south africa and will be leaving the states on the 5th of nov, really wanna see jb!!! life would be perfect then!
0	netanyahu dear mr. netanyahu if a new "cast lead"might be needed i wish you success and total victory, may the enemies of israel perish.
0	think i'm gonna have to have a maccyd breakfast on the ways to spurs tomorrow ;)
0	please join me in welcoming our next us senator from the great state this coming monday. check out hrt's website for details.
0	2 plains rd- lots of space in this 4 bed, 4 bath home in east york! come to the open house this sun 2-4 pm! big space, reno'd bathrms+ more!
0	sun., july 29, 2:30 pm "rock 'n' roll, the opposites, &amp; our greatest hopes--a celebration!"
0	i just realized that tomorrow is friday which means tomorrow is the kingsburg vs. selma game :) excited
0	looking forward to watching the mackems smash the mags. roll on sunday.
0	world music festival is in full swing! see you tomorrow evening in millennium park with the maria de barros at 6pm! chicago wmfchicago
0	cricket pakistan hopeful of bangladesh visit: pakistan's cricket board said sunday it hopes to arr... (f ahsaan4u)
0	we'll be at the american women of surrey christmas fair on sunday in cobham. will sample pumpkin pie. see you there!
0	getting jassy_baby transcript and shot. tomorrow accuplacer and group advising. turning in fafsa tonight. making moves before ny. love you
0	red wolves home game today at 2:00pm! excited to see the best fans in the sun belt again! howlyes gostate!
0	ok i guess i will go see emmylou harris play her album 'wrecking ball' on wednesday and so maybe you should also come:
0	what a sunday this could be! english to beat the french and wiggo to wrap up paris-nice isn't too much to ask for is it?
0	$224.60. not a bad payoff for a 2nd race trifecta at delmar. check it out:
0	amackin07 love! i love all the episodes with kristin chenoweth (she plays april rhodes). i'm a fan of hers (obviously) lol!
0	world music festival returns -- free but smaller: the good news: all events at the 14th annual world music festi...
0	the bulls are back! haralabob what seed do you think the bulls can finish assuming a 75% rose comes back by march
0	adhunter1984 love the greenbrier team. tipped two of them and possibly harris english's biggest fan. may yet add him to my staking plan.
0	"matt_edmeades: sheffield wednesday linked with roger johnson, ivan klasnic and michael antonio. big coups if they get them." massive ? ;)
0	r2kenbruce thank you for the team_barrowman friday night is music night trailer.... makes me smile and excited every time
0	tremendous rally by miesha tate to win by armbar in the 3rd. julie kedzie is a great ambassador for mma + fought her a** off. respect.
0	sunday means eggs benedict and florentine at the iguana! another beautiful morning, come on out and enjoy the pool and 2 x 1 bloody marys!
0	ourladypeace will be at irving plaza nyc, no doubt! will be the 4th show ive seen so far. the band that saved, inspired and showed me life.
0	thank fuck it's friday. fresh supply of rohypnol,ice cold bluewkd's in the fridge. any blondes thinking of going out? gie's a shout ;)
0	limmengkeong hahaha.... rest assured it will be something big on tuesday in putrajaya
0	at least it will make up for the sat and the gonzaga game
0	congrats to ryder cup captain love3d for his 6 under 64 in thursday's opening round of the honda classic. keep it going!
0	drlrca dr. arnold, i think they are just in the semi finals tomorrow. go warriors!!
0	clippers vs lakers tomorrow! you all are about to be 0-11!
0	space and barbicancentre were the place tonight. the sun ra arkestra was brilliant. barbican centre
0	queestoy_loco it's okay we gone finish off the spurs tomorrow
0	... may be that's why bjp is defending gadkari: they are all in the 'game'. as shourie famously said, cong &amp; bjp are now one party.
0	aubtourage: update, i will be storytelling for risk on sept 25 and the wrecking ball video will be released on vevo sept 26th! love you!
0	auriegood aplace4thoughts heatherlblythe yup. then we have the strawberry festival in late feb/early mar. it's fl. :-)
0	hope everyone made it to the uc in time to see the bulls raise their 21st straight financial champs banner. a true dynasty, we have.
0	benstanners it looks better as the nufc fans are now in 2nd tier so i can't see them... it looks like he's just goading the sufc fans!
0	ckt update pakistan hopeful of bangladesh visit: pakistan's cricket board said sunday it hopes to... from shariq
0	thanks to wrh i've got on the guest list for the opening night of the shepard fairey show over at stolenspace on friday night !
0	the bulls head to cle friday night. one night doesn't a season make, but that was a solid win over wsh on opening night.
0	tomorrow is the day we'll beat justin biebers vevo record and earn our title back! :) :)
0	mcilroy had a strong start in thursday's opening round of the honda classic, but the no 2 was upstaged by us ryder cup captain love iii.
0	haha blocked by tom_seagul because its alan_hinton 2nd account and he backs everything tom segal puts up, oh the irony stoproguetipsters
0	looking forward to some march fourth marching band madness tonight at levittshell
0	i have 2 passes for looper in pico rivera on thursday. message or text me if you want them.
0	thursday night football:tampa bay buccaneers v minnesota vikings ...: vimeo is the home for high-quality videos ...
0	culture (down town, mon 23, 1:00pm): come celebrate spanish literature at world book day by the cervantes...
0	all seniors will be recognized at fca tomorrow and the first 25 will get free chickfila coupons for free biscuits! see y'all there :)
0	a university uniform in appreciating military veterans: he reunited after the game saturday with capt. michael p...
0	happy 30th birthday, matthew oatmeal inman! seems appropriate that you share a birthday with jim henson...
0	don't forget to dine out bwwings in savage tonight for paa! also, it's america day tomorrow at the hs for homecoming week!
0	lacombe_865 i'm gonna be in monroe like all day sat! haha
0	'may the odd's be ever in your favor' australian directioners.
0	good friday afternoon! construction &amp; a crash on the ramp from 85 northbound to 400 northbound causing delays heading up from brookwood!
0	it appears douglas adams may have right about telephone sanitisers all along.
0	offensive_liam she's drivin through from banff with her dad goin to sort stuff in her flat! roll on sunday though :)
0	new skyfall trailer is live. - *fans self* is it october yet? i have all the feels for this. goddamn.
0	so justin beiber is coming down here jan. 15. am i the only one excited? lol
0	big day coming up for! word from cutoms and ups is we will have our bouncy castle, by tomorrow. i'm praying their right. ogoplay
0	grab the latest issue of the record out on campus now and stay dry this morning! happy friday!
0	d_lombardozzi will there ever be a 3rd season of breakout kings? fx should pick you guys up! please tell me sumthin good!!! best show ever!
0	can't wait till sunday morning when we (shola) make the mackems cry. pretty sure a hatembomb or two will be dropped too. premierpunditry
0	ohohmario why you so gwapo ^_^ take care mario,going to watch suddenly it's magic on tuesday. :)
0	things i want to do: live in toronto to work, go to school, and pursue acting, and go to second city.and go out to banff to work in january!
0	hoyatic_kay oh hahaha they post it once everyday.so,don't worry they'll post hoya's pict tomorrow ~
0	itzdvdest2009 i saw you at church sunday with tohse david ruffin glasses on fly :)
0	ok sorry sm sta. rosa, november 10! see you guys! =)
0	rory mcilroy on top of the world after beating a resurgent tiger woods at the honda classic in flori
0	scotty_robs89 do you know roman abramovich is the 3rd richest man in britian? interestingfactoftheday interestinggilfriend
0	i love tom boonen. forget the whole birth/citizen issue. i might just write him in for president in november.
0	driving west towards banff as the sun sets on the mountains. it's comforting to see those hills again. home
0	congratulations norwin high school marching band on getting 1st place at the towson boa regional!
0	can't wait to see the people of shotton proudly waving their red &amp; white flags and wearing their national team shirts. poland play tomorrow!
0	one of the hottest up and coming artists akielbeatz will be performing july 29th at rex theatre in southside, pittsburgh!! tix only $10
0	mavs will beat the lakers tomorrow accepting all bets
0	belated post: i actually really liked the steelers' 1934 throwback uniforms from sunday's game against wsh. people just hatin'. :p fb
0	jett lounge 3701 clairmont rd atl. one of the nicest party i been all year. damn this is the place to be. ladies don't miss it smp saturday
0	mittromney may have meat loaf and ted nugent, but edshow is rolling with pearljam tonight! 'nuff said! stateofloveandtrust edshow
0	the wednesday ipad edition is out now - including tom segal's pricewise advice and brilliant previews for juddmonte international day
0	this "too cute" puppy show on animal planet might just be the greatest thing ever. i may never leave my room. homeworkcanwait
0	tryna be more than temporary , love you everyday like february . i'm tryna make us soo official like loverboy
0	who's coming to the marijuana march in cardiff tomorrow? support the cause legalizeweed!
0	rest in peace star wars conceptual artist ralph mcquarrie, may the force be with you my friend
0	i am hosting the open lobby! saturday 15th ( tomorrow ) 1:00pm - 3:00pm uk time gamertag "il ash li" be there guys it's going 2 be awesome!
0	sandraa0407 stillsanna jroyaal dongwoo's reaction to 7th rank is just hilarious!!! xd
0	so after david ruffin sat in the trap and smoked crack all day friday all day saturday and sunday i gotta salute his will to keep going!
0	played wednesday, outclassed a premier league team tonight by the sounds of it! swfc operationptl
0	if you are in orangecounty / near laguna hills, please come visit me at awakenings this thursday at 7pm!
0	nacamam naca you have to try skywalk deli on the 2nd floor of the comerica building on monroe! bestlunche
0	sandraa0407 stillsanna dongwoo is like a big baby, sooo cute :3 i just wanna hug him... is dongwoo becoming my 3rd infinite bias? *0*
0	guess what?! we are going to be having our christmas party on december 6th! no shows, unless your justin beiber....
0	3dt make sure you find your self at the "s.e.c" this thursday for $3 thursdays!! $3 w/ college id $5 w/ reg id til 11pm!!! iparty
0	hopefully watching the lorax will get my mind off tomorrow
0	tomorrow is the big day!!!!! we celebrate upnsmoke woodlands one year anniversary. grand prize winner of the...
0	nine goa congress legislators want to join us: bjp: panaji, oct 31: goa's ruling bharatiya janata party (bjp) to...
0	jessicapenne invictafights miesha tate says your going to win oct 6th during her interview and you are a bad ass at 105... go girl :)
0	monroe bound tomorrow! it's a must leave ruston for a day
0	happy birthday haryana. may you get the best in times to come.
0	bangz_inyamouth woosahhhh it's courtney! long time no see from 1st lady!
0	ssbike yep, wanted to limit it to 1 tweet! :) impressive palmares. while i'm here, stages in tirreno,vuelta,paris-nice,suisse, 4th roubaix
0	australian directioners! igo one direction (icarly) is premiering on nickelodeon the 24th of july at 4:30pm. (: how exciting! x
0	thedylanholland you should totally come and perform in houston and while your at it come and visit the houston rodeo in march :)
0	brilliant 85 mins for naisy14 in the mersey derby. not a bad game for 1st goal....
0	happy november 1st sweet friends!!! sweet thursday nod's (names of the day) are.....charrish, selma, and aiden....
0	alejandro valverde wins stage 3 of paris-nice. can he catch bradley wiggins? the answer parisnice
0	finally listened to wrecking ball before i see the concert tomorrow evening!!
0	tomhanks youve done bob's great, the pacific great, now how about one following the 15th usaaf, 456th squadron b-24, capt. klingler???
0	you may not recognize his name (yet), but you will definitely know his music. check out the amazing bill carter...
0	interesting that gregg williams' affadavit was just signed on friday.
0	i'll be playing mitd tonight around 8:30pm est. open lobby will most likely be tomorrow evening. keep an eye on youtube/twitter.
0	so excited about the opportunity to go listen to drlindseyduncan speak in knoxville, tn tomorrow night!! looking forward to learning! :)
0	it's amazing to see the success thus far early from udofia, considering how marshall, etc stifled lorenzo brown on thursday night
0	fca is tomorrow morning at 7:30 in the pac! we're doing small groups! i hope to see you all there!
0	nowwatching ~ silent house. guess i'm in love w/ elizabeth olsen. gotta find 'martha marcy may marlene'. heard that she's really good there
0	sarahhanan nickhughesaw nice to be missed maino. hope you're having fun. 2nd night all all-inclusive?
0	who wants to go to a haunted house with me on friday only 12$ with college id!!!
0	thanks for everyone who came out for day 2 of world music festival! we'll see you tomorrow at 10am for a global grooves dance party
0	cava is looking forward for one of the biggest event of the year. the strawberry festival in 350 main st. watsonville from sat-sun 10-5p.
0	this friday at the arlene francis center!!! kinship, not to reason why, echorev, girls in suede and iditarod! doors at 7 :)
0	kendricklamaar bro i love the new song "poetic justice" you're doing great things. may god bless
0	how great would it be if the power came back today but so many schools in fairfax country didn't have power so school was closed tomorrow?
0	hrt: we have to try and improve the car: oct.26 (hrt) the formula 1 world championship returned to action today ...
0	must give the boys there spot back for most viewed video in 24hrs! directioners tomorrow is the boys night! littlethingsvideocountdown
0	big game with vcu tomorrow night! second-place is on the line. letsgox
0	i'm very excited to announce that i'll be opening for the amazing edsheeran again this coming tuesday at irving plaza nyc!
0	inmarsat's swiftbroadband soars to new heights: inmarsat (lse:isat.l), the leading provider of global mobile sat...
0	we nailed the trifecta at belmont today for $1,139.00 in the 7th race! check it out:
0	if you can't beat 'em, recruit 'em ( yhoo, aol, goog, twx, aapl: inc. (nasdaq: yhoo) may have the biggest weapo...
0	friday night lights!!! here in brownsville the match between hanna eagels and rivera raiders.
0	cmcrunk indeed i am. i get back late tuesday night so i can easily come into banff the next day. what time would be good for you?
0	world walking day in few more hours! see you guys at putrajaya! i am gonna bring my camera along :) fb
0	purim's dancer runs in the 7th santaanitapark today. the local goat must be wishing her good luck
0	hammond: we now have a balanced budget with an affordable equipment programme, backed by what will still be the 4th largest defence budget.
0	kenadeelee fca is tomorrow, i'd love to see you there kenadee
0	mosseyj this is true...... dude ying yang twins are playing on the green tomorrow
0	as we patiently awaitrt realblackcoffee: back in studio putting final touches to the album...should be out nxt week friday.
0	np bagsakan by parokya ni edgar, gloc 9 and francis m. &lt;3 i may sound baduy but it's the only tagalog song nga nindooooot jod kaayo dmd &lt;3
0	if you guys don't have plans saturday night, now you do! come down to the rex theatre on e carson st and support my dude patrickfabila
0	philkitro what have you got for tomorrow? i have over 2.5 in espanyol - bilbao, sociedad to win and osauna - 0.25.
0	thank you st david for $7 parking on a home game saturday. aff2012
0	hensley_shana awesome photo of the snow starting in west liberty! may we broadcast with credit to you?
0	tjo today i heard that eskom's rebate is untill march for the solar. its nice to be connected
0	long weekend kicked off tomorrow with jack white. heebie jeebies
0	yes we have the nufc vs west brom live on our tv's newcastle united are back at st james park for the 1st time in...
0	buzzing for the game against derby at white hart lane next saturday. pufc utp
0	spurs manager andre villas-boas was proud of the commitment shown by his men after they held off a fast-finishing southampton on sunday.
0	get the skinny on verizon announces ice cream sandwich for motorola droid bionic: after waiting for what may hav...
0	rima_wiwit ochagreen the red fort is very cool. my favorite place so far. workshop starts tomorrow then one more day left.
0	i have no doubt that wiggins will win tour de romandie tomorrow. second stage race win after paris-nice. he's so going to be on tdf podium!
0	for all you cyclists and film fans, today is the start of the bicyclefilmfestival bffworld at the barbican centre until sunday!
0	home now and i am sacked out with my puppy on my couch on the afternoon sun after a long thursday... douglas adams was a genius hhgttg
0	- joseph prince (fb):don't worry about tomorrow! jesus, your divine servant, has gone ahead of you, p...don't wo...
0	real good game here: laguna hills stuns dana hills with 4th quarter comeback (video)
0	on election day, november 6 mdc will be having class as a make up day. we will see all of our dance iii lovelies then!
0	lil_jessss chasefreespirit awww i miss you girls too!! and yes tomorrow night ill see you at young life! :)
0	rui en should be 1st lead. confirm. she is good eh. i like her scene with her niece and yangyang. chemistry damn good.
0	looking forward to friday day and night! excited to be involved in the seminar portion at drexel and the show at...
0	4barsoffire i debated it 1st, but now i totally agree, followed by poetic justice..
0	mrrpmurphy bettemidler should play april's mom. so the great kristin chenoweth can also be on. what an amazing episode that could be!
0	thanks everybody for the bday wishes!! gonna have a big celebration tomorrow at ostend!!! cherry moon retro...
0	today is the day lol 2nd annual fish fry big bangs
0	zooarchaeologis cool, come to monday group, they would love it, we often do day trips out together, fire station, world book day and stuff!
0	i still remember those days when demi was tweeting lyrics from unbroken and now she's tweeting lyrics from her 4th album! im so excited! &lt;3
0	going to cobham tomorrow, beyond excited.
0	now that the sun is on him, my iguana is more active.
0	can't wait for iss tomorrow.... not but at least ill have kenna with me
0	happy birthday wilt chamberlain! he may be dead, but was also known for being stiff when he was alive.
0	i love watching mersey side derbys but you just know mariner will ruined it in the 1st 10 minutes
0	on tha real tho... i don't care if you never go to your schools young life, you should definitely go to all city tomorrow night... yl
0	who is ready to party with us, march fourth marching band, and mthds this saturday night at the gothic theatre?...
0	ermagerd! conor oberst comvb brighteyesband is playing the barbican centre in february. i must find a way.
0	trifecta....lions win...tigers win....tigers win again = a good sunday siting on the couch.
0	state is giving ulol the business...long pass play from aplin to jones - red wolves up 20-0 2nd q sunbelt
0	skipping school tomorrow and going to tennessee instead. soundsgoodtome
0	david miliband on bbcqt! this is going to be a wild thursday night!
0	"counting" by christina grimmie reminds me of nashville. i always listen to it on the roadtrip. saturday will be no exception :)
0	krisbear16 yesss,, omg!!! i think myungsoo in my 2nd place after gyu, he's replacing hoya now
0	watched the cabin in the woods, silent house, psycho, and the rocky horror picture show today! yay! :)) tomorrow iba naman ulit! :d
0	tryna make tomorrow much better
0	cafn8d thank you! if one of the rabbis on campus can come by today with purim greetings, so can you!
0	- joseph prince (fb):jesus is not present to find fault with you today. you may have been raised in...jesus is n...
0	my sister and i are going to sm this saturday afternoon to watch lorax. i am so asking my dad for popcorn money. :))
0	if i ever celebrated halloween i'd either be janet jackson from poetic justice or the girl w/ the braids from friday :d
0	harris english may be playing some incredible golf at the moment, but the ap still labels his photos as "zach johnson."
0	starts friday night irving plaza nyc me and bteband touring with chiodos &lt;- stoked
0	red wolves hoops picked to finish second in their sun belt division. i want to believe. i want to believe. i want to believe.
0	pauleyp best line ever as abby "he wears $3000 sun glasses &amp; has justin beiber on his harddrive cant we arrest him for that?
0	'simchat torah bash!' at the chaplains tomorrow night at 9! a night you will enjoy as much as purim! see event for more details!
0	greeneye_6 thank you! i will see you tomorrow for more uncharted banging and tomb raider talk :d
0	really looking forward to the passion 4 pink event tomorrow night at medusa in brownsville. it's perfect for a...
0	when did wilt chamberlain have time for basketball?: tuesday marked the birthday of greatest athlete to come fro...
0	i will be performing at the dc star on september 1st hope yall can come thru!
0	woodysgamertag woody are you going to do another mail monday with fps russia cause the last one was hilarious that was by far my favgenius
0	ok, going to be with thskit on saturday at sm bacolod, to meet my crush!!! boom! xd!! hahahahqa
0	tonight $2 tipsy tuesdays at 1433 arch street at big bangs good food, music, and $2 drinks at ( 15th &amp; arch
0	lorenzo brown gave nervous ncstate fans one less thing to worry about on tuesday in spain:
0	mosajjal husseinmarhoon perhaps then it may be time soon. it's a good idea loaning longo out to espanyol then
0	state qualifiers, young life, short day tomorrow lifes pretty damn good(;
0	dont miss this tonight and tomorrow! big day of the dead celebration!...
0	"eskom's entrepreneurship education simama ranta" 9 provincial winning schools exhibit at coca-cola dome 13 - 16 september. see you there
0	asikkk nanti di konser java jazz ada kak sierranya,hmm it's a good news!*lirik sierrasoetedjo
0	can't wait to see the lakers tomorrow!
0	chestersshop this is one of my favourite things about chesters, the pizza's taste fantastic! alternative to a sunday lunch?
0	pack's brown looks to rebound: lorenzo brown and the wolfpack are hoping today's game against the d... raleighnews
0	captain darren sammy just announced windies will be "playing for runako morton" during 3rd odi. "tribute a great team man and brother"
0	ted nugent said it best when he was recently asked: what is america's single worst problem? apathy. i'd argue ignorance is a very close 2nd.
0	gabe carimi called for his 2nd holding and 3rd in 2 games. but got lucky with offsetting calls. its his first time facing de cliff avril.
0	2 in the bcs! let's all enjoy this moment in the sun. it's been a long time coming for the wildcat faithful! emaw
0	offdutygamers thefpshow are you really saying that fps russia plays with airsoft guns...c'mon he doesn't need that he's got the real shit
0	take care (geddit) to see a celebration of harold pinter at ip on sat aug 25 with celebrated actor julian sands - 01943 609539 for tickets
0	this saturday i'll be playing b2b with dark-e at sjoekoe bday bash ( cherry moon ). be there!!! full line up:...
0	pakistan cricket board hopeful of bangladesh visit: karachi: pakistan's cricket board said on sunday it hopes to...
0	tryna prepare myself for this concert sunday. two of the greatest hip-hop/r&amp;b artist on the same stage, same
0	happy birthday roman abramovich. treat yourself to a nice present in january. i think radamel falcao would fit the bill nicely.
0	freak_franchise make sure you tune into 4playnation on tomorrow from 1pm to 3pm, special guest young savage
0	get excited for the local q birthday bash on friday night by checking out the band profile of trifecta here:
0	happy birthday to the late, great jim henson. changed the world of entertainment. may have to stick a muppet film on in tribute later
0	had a great night at the club and now just chilling before going to the pit of doom for the night! will be playing hf again tomorrow.....
0	free psn game on psn game is zen pinball 2. free game on playstation network. as of oct 1 2012. get it now while its free. usa psn
0	an incredible day in west liberty, ky. a small but strong community moving forward after march 2 tornadoes.
0	mersey side derby then the nfl at wembley. nice little sunday lined up.
0	doconnell1988 eamonn_kenny scuds49 jonnymcgailey cheers but no luck needed with d 2nd one, i got a supply of rohypnol ladieshereicome
0	wichita st is just a team full of corncobs. also, if they play "we ready" today, place will explode. shakeandbakejays bootstoasses
0	girl4music20 3rd album changes a lot. i know you hate unbroken, but i love it! 1. unbroken, fix a heart, in real life, together, skyscraper
0	celebrating st george's day, the bard's birth day or even world book day? april 23rd is a great day for history, heritage & culture. enjoy!
0	rg-3 showed me a lot of skill 2day but, the nyg &amp; defense secures eli's 24th come from behind victory! forcing 5 turnovers on wsh hihaterz
0	ktvee love the iditarod! used to do huge project when i taught 1st! even went for start one year! can't wait to see what you did!
0	its tuesday &amp; time for young life! 8:32pm union lyceum. takin' it up a notch tonight! come join us whywouldyounot
0	can't wait 4 mon! nbcagt sternshow: check out bill carter's piece in the nytimes : "prime-time stern" howardstern
0	not too late to come down to our monday night open mic to sing or just have a good time! iguana 240 w 54 st. will be here till 9 pm
0	saturday 27/10/12 regal in session with the big tunes crew the iguana reading more niceness to keep ya skanking hard.
0	looking forward to preaching at plant city's first baptist sunday 6:30pm. new city church will be baptizing 2 into the kingdom. praise god
0	tonight!!! we proudly pres. our 7th halloween party with limewax &amp; many more - this time at studio 21 (twenty one)
0	happy 15th anniversity kuya gloc9 you are number 1 rapper and francis m. .........
0	can't wait to see dynamomagician in south africa on the 14th dude is on another level... check this out
0	come join us at the walmart "i love my car" event this friday and saturday in pico rivera! games and give-aways for the whole family.
0	ohstrawn 25-21 warriors at the end of the 1st. bogut looking good in the opening 6 points in 6 minutes 3 rebs. steph looks a little nervous
0	i will see him perform at club pulse tomorrow so happy lol my bday... come party with me having a... &lt;via instagram&gt;
0	photo: good monday morning and happy world book day! :3 (taken with instagram)
0	cute_af i'll make you the cd's while at work so you may add it to your collection if you like! lol :) girl poetic justice n gold alpinas!
0	don't forget, wednesday night is the weekly amateur contest at showgirls in plant city. come see me emcee! $300 cash prizes.
0	5 page paper due tomorrow and what am i doing with my time? watching the animal planet. weeeeeee
0	campbell must feel like he's won the lottery tonight. sat in sjp, on a european night, with krul, coloccini, cabaye, ben arfa, ba and shola.
0	diamondkwhite, now that the attitude of a real winner. hey, justin biebers manager may just be looking to sign you ...
0	had a great conversation with a guy at 16th & mission after he gave me his last book for world book day. it was nifty, dude!
0	tbt a year ago tomorrow i would have met the amazing christina grimmie :) takemeback
0	iamduffybear we can't wait to see what the cast members at capt. eo do when they see me tomorrow in my costume.
0	mark martin: morning! *yawn* good weekend so far? 'like' this status if you're having a lazy sunday or...
0	best of luck to indianastatevb at illinois state tonight! domination of the 2nd half of the mvc season starts tonight! rolltimber
0	zionsville students did well on istep! see the results and quotes from school superintendent scott robison in tomorrow's paper!
0	(native) america day is coming up next thursday! chr1st1na_n and i are going all out. jointhetribe mysoulisnative
0	jimgellatly come with me, and you will see theiqonsband, tijuana_bibles, stone_fox_chase, and david taylor at pivopivo tomorrow night
0	tomorrow's monday and i'm looking forward for it. will be hanging out with an old shatec friend of mine, ying. manhattan and ice-skating. :d
0	kuroidaiyamondo i recognized bomi cause she's my 2nd fav... &lt;3 btw, if i'll ever marry hoya, i'll buy him a yoonjae dog... *.*
0	just got back home. tired. hopefully i can 'walkkkkkk' for world walking day tomorrow. see you at putrajaya :)
0	dee dee ramone's exhibition of visual work opens tomorrow! dee dee &amp; shepard fairey prints for sale at the opening! friday 8pm-11pm
0	big redd, young savage and reed dollaz will be on stage tomorrow night! philly it's going down!!
0	the lovely gbarlowofficial is apparently coming to st david's hall in january. swooooooooooooonnnnn
0	entertaining football at white hart lane, just the dosage i needed on a rainy saturday afternoon.
0	good win for nufc. nine changes to sunday's team and still doing well. got to keep this going now. nufc
0	jett lounge thursday night!!! it's gonna be hot!!! come party with me and kenny smoove he is one of the hottest producers and many more!!!
0	peter whittingham now officially overtaken the mighty roger johnson as my favorite ccfc player ever! more of the same tuesday please
0	trifecta will be performing at the 19th green in jeffersonville in on thursday sept 6 8pm! come join the party!
0	physics professor just extended our assignment from 11:30 tonight to 11:30 tomorrow...i guess he isn't the only one drinking. profgetcrunk
0	i just found out that it's his birthday last thursday.. :/ .... belated happy birthday francis m.. :]
0	fashionablylost penny dreadful is a record breaker is out in march, just in time for world book day! x
0	i hope yall not sleeping on the blackout homecoming party this friday at club pulse. shit is really bout to crinack.
0	my 1st tweet, chose you kellyripa, saw u in banff, thankful our snow isn't as damaging as the weather you're dealing with! keep safe &amp; dry
0	coaches like gonzaga's chances - mon, 29 oct 2012 pst: don't count the zags out after their run of wcc basketball...
0	creighton volleyball leads 8-5 early in 2nd set. match becomes even bigger with both wichita st. &amp; missouri state down 0-1 at home tonight.
0	oliverlaaance can't wait to see you guys tomorrow sa gt at sm bacolod! :))
0	gbarlowofficial awesome cos i was ready to get on the phone at 10am tomorrow to get tickets for st david's hall!! happy days can't wait
0	beloved, don't worry about tomorrow! wake up every morning conscious of jesus' supply. joseph prince
0	rt'd tweet: a bit of sunday fun, shot in whitstable, kent and muscat, oman! 'down poured the heavens':
0	only1noah my best friend and i sat there listening to all of your videos and the ones with christina grimmie last night and were awestruck
0	omegapharma-quickstep won gold, with a little help from compex! watch out for tony martin (tomorrow) &amp; tom boonen (sunday). fingers crossed!
0	last 24hrs covered delhi, passing thru punjab, haryana. tomorrow morning jammu. just loving it!
0	we're thrilled that grandpa's workshop is a main feature in the education category of the app store for a 2nd week!
0	"oliverlaaance: love! see you tomorrow at sm sta. rosa. 4pm ah! yaaay. :d
0	i really want wakaflockabsm to tweet me since i bought 4 tickets to his concert october 9th irving plaza nyc
0	dune glad to hear you are a fan of douglas adams... i am on my 7th rerread/listen to hitchhikersguide
0	10ajmccarron aj will you follow me for my birthday? also looking really forward to seeing y'all nov 10! :) my first college game :)
0	griffithsgenna tenby till monday night then st david's hotel in cardiff wednesday we need it !! haha xx
0	photoset: for the adorable and loveable man, song joongki, happy 27th birthday! despite your looks not...
0	"the record" is looking for creative&amp;&amp;talented ppl. join prof.thorbjornsen&amp;&amp;dr.beverly on the 10th from 3-4pm in rose parlor.
0	oh and we are playing the united center at 1pm on december 1st come support us and buy a ticket from me to watch the bulls!!!!!!!
0	revjcmitchell thought you might appreciate this photo taken of aj at the celebration sunday better than anyone!
0	confirmed: ice cream sandwich finally coming to the droid bionic tomorrow, october 19th
0	arrington noticed that joke when you interviewed reid hoffman. better the 2nd time around ;)
0	bellaelly ps i have been seeing on our chicago news about henryville's new (old?) school.have a good day tomorrow it is midnight already tc
0	3dt make sure you find your self at the "s.e.c" this thursday for $3 thursdays!!! $3 w/ college id $5 w/ reg. id til 11pm!!! iparty
0	dtn pakistan: pakistan hopeful of bangladesh visit: pakistan's cricket board said sunday it hopes to arrange a t...
0	i need to go find some sweets, then i'm outttt. another 12 hour day of marching band tomorrow nevergetsold
0	kroqnk9s you are talking to a wiener national pro! my dog kramer was 2nd fastest wiener in the west. he even had a show on animal planet!
0	last chance to see silent house with drinks and a tour of the london tombs tomorrow night! enter now:
0	the snickerdoodle-strawberry ice cream sandwich is back!!!! we'll be at the sr wed. night mkt, guernville farm...
0	mark martin: hello you! good weekend so far? 'the hot 20' is on but can one direction hold onto 'saturday...
0	velonews: tom boonen happy with amgen tour so far, but hopes for first win in sunday's final stage in l.a. then ...
0	philly girls love going to big bangs, kifs, fat tuesday, etc
0	the orange county armenian festival is going on today and tomorrow 15 &amp; 16 in laguna hills. come and enjoy a...
0	vbaffour94 timtebow love this picture! praying for you right now vanessa! may the lord be your strength! :)
0	happy 21st b day theonlyayrton looking forward to another trip to knoxville
0	darren sammy and dwyane bravo will donate der full 3rd match(vs nz) fee to runako morton's wife!! dedicating it to a team man!! rip morton
0	i tell katie there's supposed to be a good firework display in banff this saturday. she replies with "oh right during the day yeah?" yeah.
0	novomix30 good field for paris-nice. first sportive of season for me tomorrow so good weekend off and on the bike
0	thinktastic are sponsoring the education initiative of the year award at societyawards12 tomorrow. good luck to those shortlisted.
0	andre villas-boas talking like there may actually be some truth to the stories about adebayor wanting to leave :'''''''). great signing.
0	cerysmatthews saw bruce springsteen in june. "wrecking ball" great but "jack of all trades" v moving song of life in the credit crunch
0	had a good time with student teacher, steve emerson today at the home brew class. next one will be june 2nd.
0	angeledujr it's not that bad, we have purim, which it's almost the same thing but it's on march
0	redlicki/tahir are set to play wichita state duo of gregurovic/nicol at 5 pm et in the 1st round of doubles. tulsaita goduke
0	national bieber day in all the countries&lt;3
0	vh1's storytellers is coming back on nov 11, my birthday! coincidence? nah, someone just finally loves me.
0	got some great shots of the march fourth marching band tonight at americaplatz musikfest, they were fantastic!!!!
0	jim luxford of east york with calendar 1381619, our 1st $5,000 daily winner for september 11!
0	studio tomorrow, all i can think about. chillin with homies and working on new music
0	as of 2nite it goes down at big bangs..15th and arch st..10-2am...crazy drink specials and more....music by
0	maino had a great 1st album and beat niggas asses, that's the type of person we need in hip hop
0	rosewoodordie by the skin of their teeth... gregg williams.. easily 2nd best d coordinator y'all ever had
0	looking to start the week with success! lots of thoughts about tonight's mnf match between man city & swansea.
0	the re-release of 'in desolate times' is available worldwide today! including bonus tracks. grab a copy and let us know what you think!
0	so pretty much im gonna believe that myt 10,000th tweet will come sometime tonight during the mnf game jets at texans on espn
0	dickiev verlander is possibly ahead of cc, more sos better era, but cc will bounce back after last night's outing like he always does
0	rt ollyjarvis: mrduncanjames great to meet the guys from blue today at nurburgring. a very cool bunch of guys! looking forward to hear ...
0	the takeaway from tonight's game: the colts' run defense was huge. and curtis painter rightfully owes us all (us especially) a big finger.
0	lucy hale is trending worldwide! the girls from prettylittleliars are getting some love from the fans tonight. congrats, lucyyhale!
0	queen latifah may be going 'dancing': remember when a "dwts" insider confirmed to us that the show was aiming for a higher caliber of...
0	tough week but tmrw is a fresh start. the only good thing about monday is you get to start over. plus houstontexans are on mnf! greatness
0	wildthyme467989 yup, technology makes it feel like you are all right next door. in which case, come over tonight for some terra nova! kain
0	kerry collins may look like an old mouse... and hold on to the ball like one... but is a curtis painter experiment really that much better?
0	interesting visit with terra nova yesterday at stoneleigh, blowing a hoolie and voyager 2.2 wasn't moving, class tent.
0	good friday morning people!!! redskins friday...let's take care of the colts tonight even w/o payton manning.
0	vh1 we're so happy adambehindthemusic trended in the us & worldwide tonight!! thanks so much for showcasing adam on this special!
0	big night. going to watch the cards thrash the pirates for a bit and then the 2011 nyjets debut on mnf. cantwait
0	since i'm a redneck i'm gonna pull up to the heritage game friday blaring some hank williams with my cowboy hat and blue jeans yeahbuddy
0	on the bright side dwts cast cumin mon. my girl kym better b on &hav sum1 that she has a chance 2 win again! go kym ! ;-)
0	finallevel rt coco may be on the next season of dwts. if she makes it, i'll watch the 1st episode. how about you? 407.916.1041 sbklive
0	colts game was fun tonight. love spending time with my fam.
0	tonite it goes down!!! street fm on 90.1fm in ny broadcasting worldwide at www.wusb.fm or watch inside the studio at www.justin.tv/streetfm
0	mlbastian that could be the turning point in the series. not just the game......the series. with verlander pitching thursday.....
0	nfl and espn have as many kinks to work out as the teams -- they just flashed the "monday night football" graphic...
0	next person to comment below wins 4 tickets for tonight or tomorrow night's colts game against the mcallen thunder!
0	show em what it isrt trujohnson2: love it when scouts be at our practice.. i counted 4 today.. broncos , miami , philly , && tampa bay ..
0	another heated game tonight between nsc minnesota and fc tampa bay. be sure to make your predictions! week 23 is already up.
0	if espn has a hank williams "are you ready for some football?" song for tonight, i might pass out with happiness.
0	this may be a fact!! rt raheembrock curtis painter will help the colts win their first game! u heard it here first!!!
0	linsey_g so many! up all night, terra nova, person of interest, american horror story - hot damn, it's gonna be a good year.
0	rt peterburnsradio: curtis painter is totally going to get lucky tonight, probably with another girl that looks just like him
0	harrypotterfilm deathly hallows part ii now become the 3rd high grossing movie in worldwide all of time with $1.133m . absolutely amazing !
0	38special_ good luck agaist tampa bay tonight.
0	curtis painter...we have a chance again! can't believe kerry collins didn't throw us a pick-six tonight
0	hulkhogan hulk, would you be interesting in coming on my show on espn 1040 tampa bay one sunday to chat?
0	can't wait to go to colts game with my sweetness tonight.
0	rt qbpick tomorrow is the big cast reveal for season 13 of dwts! make sure you tune in to the bachelor pad to find out the sexy cast.
0	proudofallstar? fuck yeah. let's get it trending worldwide just like we got allstar weekend trending worldwide tonight!(:
0	dear espn - you aren't fooling anyone with your "monday night football" graphics... its thursday. just make tnf graphics. thanks
0	two good abs by hosmer against verlander tonight, even if he has just a walk and flyout to show for it
0	karenchristian2 gm the new cast of dwts is going to be on good morning america on tuesday morning, hope your appts. go well, love u!!
0	superskin1 after tonight colts fans are going to say manning is john beck like.
0	hopesolo the dwts cast will be announced tonight! are you in it?! oh i hope sooo!!!! you'd be so fun to watch and you'd have soo many fans!
0	looking forward to going to the colts game this evening!
0	quite enjoying gnev2 on mnf - he looks more at home sat down tho - i don't think he knows what to do with his hands when he's stood up
0	rt trujohnson2: love it when scouts be at our practice.. i counted 4 today.. broncos , miami , philly , && tampa bay ..
0	rt fauowlathletics: be sure to catch former owl football player lestar jean on espn's monday night football tonight at 8 p.m. with hous ...
0	rick porcello is not rick wild thing vaughn. i am worried the real ubaldo is back. good thing verlander is tomorrow. tigers yikes
0	wow! sytycd finale tonight and tomorrow, 19 days until dwts cast announcement, 40 days until dwts, where did the summer go...
0	colts game tomorrow with drew budd!
0	french pressed cup of verve's los naranjos with a bit of hank williams. good morning!
0	rt allthingspll: lucy hale is trending worldwide! the girls from prettylittleliars are getting some love from the fans tonight. congra ...
0	thanks to us1035 kim & i are going to the rascal flatts concert tonight! thank you tampa bay's best country!!!
0	yay !!!!rt kellymonaco1: excited to interview the new cast of dwts tonight for e news! they have no idea what their in for ;)
0	tomfelton hope you win tonight tom! your us and worldwide fans from tomfelton_usa and tfeltonchicago are cheering for u!
0	rt alexo_3 monday night football be the move too!
0	if i'm reading the twitter trend list correctly, people are really happy that verlander beat the royals yesterday
0	colts game tonight! yay!
0	what will have a better tv rating...cardinals v rockies tonight or mnf with texans and jets? reg season hardball v preseason football
0	yes. i'm ready for hs, college & pro. bring it! blueraider93: make monday better! we can now come home to mnf! you ready for some football?
0	trying to leave, i'm only 10 minutes late (so far) - still need to dash to the ladies room. can't wait to hear who is on dwts tonight!
0	rt smilelikemiley: there won't be just a party in the usa tonight there'll be a party worldwide when miley wins. booyah! tcaformiley
0	man was that jets and cowboys game awesome or what. great entertainment thats for sure. time to hear some hank williams gettin rowdy tonight
0	mnf tonight! let's go sexy rexy!
0	kristiyamaguchi markballas love that you 2 keep in touch :) one of my favorite dwts couples & reason i started watching in the 1st place!
0	huge thanks to those of you who came out to my photography workshops today at terra nova!
0	monday night football - gary neville did well even if at times he was like a train spotter talking about the female clitoris. itsnoteasy
0	andrewsikora the tigers know it's a big game as well: resting martinez & alburquerque monday and bumping verlander.
0	new cast of dwts tba at 8pm tonight!! so excited :) the meeting tonight better be done, or "someone" will have to lend me their phone :) thx
0	rt mnfootng it's monday and monday night football is on my mind. rt if you love football! mnfootng.
0	all i know is the road for that lomardi start at tonight!!!! we will set a record for a pre-season mnf i can guarantee it.
0	dariusbutler28 have a great game agaist tampa bay tonight.
0	checked out our lady peace at bluesfest tonight and spending the day at the beach for hope volleyball tomorrow. gotta love summer weekends!
0	hello from the foundation trekkers! we're up in chilly haltwhistle getting ready to trek hadrian's wall tomorrow :-)
0	tomorrow we will be proud to play at the remembrance service at south hetton church
0	three day weekend a head. tonight grand bend forracing, saturday grand bend with the inlaws more racing. sunday first sting game for us.
0	have you been inspired by ironman wales? why not give triathlon a go by taking part in the fishguard go tri on sunday.
0	i've found lyrics of kiryu - kaika!!! yes!!! but i've sat down to listen a song and write it already...))
0	thanks to all those who joined uysa and the university of utah in celebrating youth soccer month last saturday,...
0	pkollar well it was either that or watch you play raccoon city, so.. i think i may have won?
0	day 1 at the socal college fair pomona fairplex--1st person to get to our booth &amp; say "your story matters" wins something special! doit
0	morning!!!! soundset was popin and hot as a tity but time to waken bake easy the sun burn haaa
0	teddy bear toss, a brad mills goal and more fun from maverik center in a tough loss friday. see you tomorrow at 7!
0	have a lovely sunday and keep it mysa
0	just only for true liverpudlian, download this song on itunes idr15.000. keep it on 1st in xmas chart! ipho
0	i went to a remembrance service today for the 1st time and can say it was so touching.
0	my 1st bias in t-ara still eunjung jiyeon okay still eunji !! but plus danee now muahahahah so it being eunjini ._. lol
0	centuryblu thanks again for tix to last nights passafire show! bout my tix to the rndm show for tomorrow night!
0	i hope we watch the concert tomorrow.. i need to see danee!!
0	kiryu to release 9th single this christmas visual kei band kiryu surprise their fans with great news! the band...
0	tomorrow at knollwood, tyler graham and ashley mayhall compete! any body i'm missing, let me know! zoe is on vacation..enjoy the trip!
0	liverpudlian, david price defeats matt skelton in the 2nd round to defend his british &amp; commonweath heavyweight titles.
0	congratulations to lizarddd33 for being the first one from wv to ever be a miss teen usa 1st runner up!!! could not be more proud! love you
0	acti0ngirl if you love pinups and burlesque check out the burlesque assassins film premiere in baltimore on nov 9 at creative alliance.
0	had my 1st beef bibimbap today at westfield parramatta. never knew it would be so filling. 5 hours on and still not feeling an edge hungry.
0	omigod you guys i get to see holy motors tomorrow.
0	enjoying some nandos_usa for lunch today because it's friday, and i'm finally finished with thanksgiving leftovers :)
0	paigegrahamx painting the liverpudlian town red on saturday night anyone? i know i am!!!
0	funky mojos saturday with the girls, sunday my birthday, next sat circoloco then ibiza!!! loving life happydays
0	mdsl finals this sunday, july 15 at 6pm. come watch mysa take on the detroit hustlers at ultimate soccer arena!!(
0	gotta love it, and snoop is playing tomorrow night at bluesfest!
0	iroz08 we're at the beverly gardens park for the art show. we're here til 5pm!! art museum to the art park - perfect sunday!!
0	therickilee 2pm ... see you on fhv at 6pm ..... and hope to see you at westfield parramatta on sunday at 1pm :-)
0	veteran day ballin. ... glad i dnt got no class tomorrow so i'm vibin
0	brentspiner big fan of your work! star trek, threshold, fresh hell, alphas, etc and may meet you in person at dstl! yay! you rock!
0	happy bacon fat friday ya'll. copper river salmon rillettes tonight &amp; the selena gomez dog. gonna be a good friday!
0	therobindiaz watching on livestream tonight you guys put on a hell of a show as always, see you in binghamton ny next saturday love u guys
0	excited for all of the youth soccer teams today!!!! go get a "kick" out of this saturday! mysl
0	if you participated in our adult summer reading club, we've got a great program on saturday! laughter workshop:
0	hwjhanna love those sun mountain bags.had fun at lough erne - roll on the grove.
0	we're stoked to announce that our brothers in prypiat have been added to the show on january 4th at rum runners....
0	amazing football with tons of thanksgiving leftovers is making for the laziest saturday of all time
0	de la soul's eye know playing in pret - the perfect monday tonic!
0	nekromantix, the black rose phantoms, the spoofs and clownvis will be performing at the house of blues on dec 21! i got 4 free tix! lets go!
0	lisamonroenow yep, it should be pretty good. did you see our interview with morgen about crossfire hurricane?
0	watching nightmare before christmas for the first time in a long time. it holds up but i may be biased cause danny elfman sings the songs.
0	1nationunderrob i believe i just got ur msg. so chill out.... splash dance happens every thurs night at surrender. its a pretty good party
0	mr blue sky to make this friday even more awesome. quickly followed by eagles of death metal.
0	if anybody's in the lechlade area on sunday lunch time come and watch my band et al play at the riverfolk festival.
0	just finished watching the 1st season of breaking pointe (new tv doc about ballet west) and was pleasantly surprised. what did you think?
0	tomorrow is international talk like a pirate day. drink some of this, and the heart of the fair maiden will be yours!
0	i think i may have a slight (um maybe a severe) addiction to the vanilla fudge quality streets. they're irresistable
0	karminmusic just found out about binghamton ny next saturday - can't wait! :) spiediefest roadtrip
0	did you know september 19 is international talk like a pirate day? and a mighty fine day it is mateys! arrrrrrrrr!
0	next meeting - tuesday, nov 27th at 7pm at the creative alliance. see you all there!!
0	i'm finally going to get to see rise against! who else is going to riot fest on saturday?!
0	can't wait for tomorrow when some of my liverpudlian family arrive for the bank holiday weekend! :d
0	everyone in the summersville area come watch our game tomorrow at nicholas county!!
0	so excited you're coming home tomorrow! love you mitchie. onlychildprobs imbored meeschtull
0	antonio carluccio may tweet about going to the dentist and napping but i still love him.
0	veteran day is on the 11th, remember to thank a vet or soldier for the fact that you had the right to vote on tuesday.
0	$1 daiquiris at rum runners tonight and i don't have class til 2 tomorrow..... yesssss!
0	climbing mount snowdon on sunday for childreninneed with 6 young people from a home....anyone want to sponsor me antanddec harry_styles
0	been to the woking remembrance service - now out delivering in support of osheanick for thursday's police and crime commissioner election
0	new at forum: ferry from dubrovnik to hvar: hallo, we want to travel from dubrovnik to hvar on sunday 1... croatia
0	this just in!!! i will be performing in the nina tribute show this friday at the creative alliance!! as a special guest of jonathan gilmore
0	brilliant that the edinburgh derby is at night on the 3rd! can't beat the atmosphere of these games under the floodlights hibs
0	surrendervegas tonight, light up the night at our 2nd edition of neon night light. bring out those bikinis and splash dance! &lt;3
0	bubbanicholson what is going on young man! teamltd misses seeing u on monday's at the kee for our 'casual' drinks. catchup in toronto soon
0	psyched that jeff shaara just released the 1st of 3 new books! "blaze of glory" about the shiloh &amp; the western theatre of the civil war!
0	i want to go to grand bend for may 24
0	got my sunday sussed out start with russian game,mk dons,edinburgh derby for starters.!
0	on wednesday we welcome chef and restaurateur antonio carluccio to the store to sign copies of his new book.
0	locked and loaded for igtoa this weekend at lough erne, home to lk tonight playing ballyliffin tomorrow forecast looking good! linksgolf
0	i love the new antonio carluccio show on sbs. beautiful food in gorgeous liguria italy. watch it every thurs 8.30pm. bellissimo
0	going to warhorse at the winspear opera house tomorrow. really really excited! anyone else seen this?
0	finally made it back from french storms to luton sun. and in time not just for acting debut 9pm but jimmy mcgovern on richardbacon 215pm
0	tomorrow bradley wiggins will break the record for number days in the maillot jaune for a british rider, beating chris boardman. tdf
0	catelynn and tyler from teen mom are apparently going to be at bethany tomorrow! looks like i'm going snooping...dreamcometrue highhopes
0	bittermel1065 same here in detroit. come out to gin mill on saturday if you're bored. mark's in town too. we're going to partay...
0	dimebagwillsy3 rollingstones have you been watching crossfire hurricane, the documentary, last 2 saturday nights? superb.
0	piersmorgan relax, you can now concentrate on finishing 4th and which one of wilshere, carzorla or vermalen you want to sell to city.
0	still got halloween candy?: you may be priding yourself on the fact that there's still halloween candy h...
0	lots of appointments booked in for shaun's trip to the satellite office in haltwhistle tomorrow. its good to keep him busy!
0	2 hours and 15 minutes away from utah and alaska. come on over to the maverik center for friday night hockey. it's always a good time!
0	super pumped to celebrate with my k/1st graders who made it through summer olympics: training in truth theaustinstone lovekids lovejesus
0	jessannmason hi jessica--looking forward to having you do your ijnet chat on tuesday. hope you saw maite's email.
0	ibizaclubnews flying out on the 24th arrive at 4pm, straight to circoloco then cocoon heroes! nomessing
0	may be leaving in may to tour canada with of temples ;). beckley / summersville shows the first of the year aswell. see you guys soon!
0	happy veteran day! back in the day! 2nd 75th ranger
0	hope you all tuned into the chelsea flower show - some of the exhibitors will be at the kent garden show beginning on the 2nd of june!
0	we are blessed with the writing of jimmy mcgovern in this country. long may that continue theaccused
0	watching this u10 tournament on the turf at mysa really shows how much 1st touch and possession go hand in hand - for my hs team too! :)
0	sucks that i left warners after they sign one of the hottest uk artists liannelahavas can't wait to see her live in march! liannerocks
0	fighter fit camp tomorrow at 11am!!!! 1st timers are free!!!! open mat jiujitsu at noon. it's going to be a...
0	m_shinoda did you enjoy rock im park? :) i was at the front = so epic! see you tomorrow in berlin! any surprises? ;) linkin park rocks! :)
0	mpg may soon be on cw's breakingpoint! watch every thurs to go inside ballet west &amp; let us know on fb if you spotted us! fryadrian
0	mrs splash can't wait to meet everybody for the early years dance workshop, sunday am at splash dance. thanks dance_4
0	good night everyone tomorrow is the last day of star wars weekends :( &lt;/3
0	lance dehm racing qualified 11th of 130 cars at the ump fall nationals hosted at eldora speedway. click here for photos
0	tylerstime marc_warnest mistermines juicykills i saw him at soundset, not a bad show. he is headlining with har mar superstar.
0	if you're going to star wars weekends tomorrow, come see me at my very last sww event signing! come say hello and get some vinyls signed!
0	rebecca_cress lol i mean i would go, but it'd be a lot harder for me... lol just come back to ohio june 18th&amp; we'll see them in columbus :)
0	it's baby boom friday and the sun is shining for our location/adventure sessions today :) baby boom at jm style...
0	andreweppes absolutely bro!! comin back to ohio june 5th - slumber party in the living room at tnation?!
0	looking forward to the ms2conference tomorrow in grand bend! see you there
0	reginazernay hey regina, i thought you may like this on bbc rolling stones: crossfire hurricane: part two tony
0	massive good luck to everyone doing the greatnorthrun tomorrow &amp; davie_a at ironman wales... let's help them do some epic fundraising!
0	don't miss author jonathan kozol's event the union square b&amp;n tomorrow, 8/29 7pm! click the link for more info:
0	brewerjayne theotherbird thanks, see you at warners tomorrow!
0	did you miss the espy awards on wednesday? check out the amazing tribute video to pat summitt. rocky top books...
0	happy national nurses day! today kicks off national nurses week which ends on may 12th, the birth date of florence nightingale. it is...
0	sun going down over lough erne, beautiful.
0	geoffcgoff andreafgoff awesome! i've tried 9 new beers this weekend, &amp; i'm going to stone brewing tomorrow! :)
0	green bay packers at the espy awards: july 11, 2012 3 of my favorite people !
0	whos prob going to see 1d in concert in ohio june 18th ? this girl ;d
0	f_cancellara klitschko you weren't expecting him to lose were you?? good luck in tt monday! get back the maillot jaune!
0	c'mon teamsky get today out the way &amp; its yours, the maillot jaune will stay on bradwiggins back &amp; history will b made believeinbritain
0	almost in binghamton ny, on our 3rd driver. i beasted the 1st 8 hours nobigdeal 1.5 hours to cooperstown hofweekend dirb gomudcats
0	think i'm going to mount snowdon and to bangor tomorrow ... exploring wales! :d
0	manhatanproject i really liked it actually :) may not be happy that miley's back but it's understandable why mitchie would take her back
0	homecoming weekend in statesboro and we will be playing at rum runners friday night... bring it!!
0	amazing day in lechlade with everyone, watching the guys act like littles girls when they were in the river and catching a bit of sun :)
0	sports-soccer-home: youth soccer program. pre-k through 8th grade. soccer is the world's most popular sport and ...
0	10 best ideas of the week: the espy awards, 'project runway' 10th anniversary party, calgary stampede
0	niki &amp; the dove make a beautiful performance of "tomorrow" and "dj, ease my mind" at roskilde festival
0	giveaway time! reply with your favorite letter for your chance to win tix to rndm in the mainroom tomorrow night
0	saw you at riot fest last sunday-incredible as always-this will be my fourth time seeing you all. love to you!
0	larosamendes i want to thank u and zackryder for meeting me at westfield parramatta on friday
0	holy shit! the girl that drums for the nekromantix may be the most beautiful woman on the planet earth.
0	on sunday the direct tgv from paris arrived in interlaken for the first time. :-) am sonntag ist der direkte...
0	thanksgiving leftovers still good the 2nd &amp; 3rd time around. yum smashing
0	this saturday night xcitewrestling binghamton ny at the legion is going to be pure insanity bingofansrock
0	the summer olympics may be over, but there is still plenty of summer left to enjoy the warm weather. what are some of your favorite...
0	that's it for kiryu for now. hoping to wrap up the main story by the end of the day. before the 10th is here. it's almost june 12th....
0	yes it's november 3rd and yes all the halloween candy is on clearance targetrun
0	best part about black friday...thanksgiving leftovers
0	come get wet &amp; wild surrendervegas tomorrow for splash dance. our night swim features kyau &amp; albert on the sound. goodtimes
0	"newartclub: we are now in a big top instead of outside due to stinky rain but should still be amazing on sunday." see you at splash dance!
0	i still want my vanilla fudge ima get some tomorrow i was really craving that all day .
0	briden_starr bellabelvedere yes! ahhh gonna be great! are you 2 going to westfield parramatta on saturday? please follow me bella :) x
0	get out the candy (and a toothbrush) for my saturday morning roundup on ways to use halloween candy!
0	"kunadam: new batman movie is the best! batman movie hollywood chillin saturday" agree... excelent message! "without the rope..."
0	mikemcg10 falkirk sounds class my man! fri or sat? edinburgh derby on sunday, fancy it? might have a spare ticket singlelad
0	would love to see keedamusic at westfield parramatta tomorrow, maybe you'll come by? i wish! :) &lt;3 xo justsaying
0	2nd part of crossfire hurricane was ace. would like to be in 70s era rolling stones please. get it on ol' iplayer etc:
0	got the new job i'll b leaving for ohio june 18th
0	congrats to our olympicscanada athletes for coming in 13th overall with 18 medals! 3rd best we've ever done in summer olympics!
0	starting 11th in heat one with the world of outlaws at eldora speedway!
0	great day out with everyone at lechlade! sun jumpingoffbridges cowfish
0	teamjacjossa yeah - you're playing tomorrow - obv you aint going tho against barbarians - then aussies away - next home are september :)
0	7 dec going to hat yai :)
0	new blog post: top five things i love and will miss about the summer olympics!
0	legendindamak3n chris brown ran a season best in the 400 meters for 2nd place in 44.95 at 2012 aviva london grand prix
0	williamshatner glad you could make it to the phoenix comicon. you also did a great job on rookie blue this past thursday. rookiebluetv
0	sunday atfernoon - time for the perfect ipa, courtesy of stone brewing
0	finally getting to watch the stones stuff from sat night. crossfire hurricane stuffed with fine footage indeed. great belfast clips from 65
0	home from mysa conference. glad it went good after all the hustle and bustle. haha i missed work and tomorrow, i'm doomed! :p
0	well yes, it has been announced that i will be back for my 3rd year as host of disney's star wars weekends! i'm...
0	vanilla fudge chunks omfg. you may come to me
0	still so happy ptpgofficial won battle of the bands and they get to play on abc sunday night. cannot wait to play with them june 1st.
0	austincarlile nice job at riot fest. sadly i couldnt make it that early on saturday but i heard you guys killed it :) good job
0	hope the weather is like this for ironman wales. lovely and sunny yet not too warm. good luck all. may the wind be behind you all the way.
0	fuckreece manchester, just seen de la soul are playing the sunday as well. the lineup is quality.
0	saturday aug 25th rum runners will be hosting the captains hangover...come celebrate the ccdjo champs birthday. i might even do the wobble..
0	spaghetti dinner/movie for the barbarians football team. big game tomorrow vs upland!! go barbs!!!
0	rachael1130 drake will be in ohio june 6th with waka flocka j cole 2chainz and a bunch of other really good artist. we're fuggin going!!!
0	it's thuuuuuursday and my bestie is arriving tomorrow, antonio carluccio shortly after that and then a fabulous event with reiss on tuesday!
0	fresh copper river salmon this weekend! starts friday night, don't miss it!!
0	wildbirdfood great! all down to hard work of sagg and others. getting increasing reports of reds in haltwhistle too. long may it continue!
0	macklemore it's my best friends 19th birthday today and she loves you! we saw you at soundset on sunday, show my girl heyitsturr some love
0	tonight at home vs summersville! good luck to our boys. play with the same fire you ended with saturday against thayer &amp; alton lovemyealges
0	saturday nov 24th fm kirby center in wilkes-barre,pa...hope to see you there...
0	a quality weekend in manchester with shauntengland :) runrig were superb on friday night!
0	i love how thanksgiving break had hella bangers and we're in the 2nd week of winter break and have failed to have one yet
0	soyalexguzman good night we waiting for tomorrow can we have twitcam please with maite
0	runrig tonight!! cant wait. then off to oban to play in coasters bar with murdo ewen cameron tomorrow night. come along if you're free :)
0	wanna see stars this friday? check out the red stars we have coming in!
0	de la soul the 25th of july in amsterdam! ah i wanna get my dela dunks signed!
0	kristal_bailey i'm actually probably gunna buy it. (danny elfman enthusiast, can't help myself!), but i'll let you know tomorrow!
0	happy friday! come for copper river salmon. the freshest, most wonderful salmon in the world! and dessert too of...
0	the canopy survived the winds today! hoping to see a lot of people tomorrow at the new earth festival in atlanta, in
0	"feelnopayne: i wanna go to the pool tomorrow"come to knollwood
0	i've won tickets to blackpool illuminations!!!!! see you friday juiceofficial!!! xx
0	keitholbermann sure enjoyed seeing you on abc sunday, especially you and george talkin' baseball.
0	kira the 1st person to send me a veteran day text she just made me feel proud
0	got a free ticket to the san diego county fair for indepence day in del mar, ca for anyone who wants it.
0	ihavefriends17 i loved racing grand bend. got my 1st top fuel win there against shirley muldowney in the final
0	jaymohr37 2nd best sports moment: rob riggle hosting the espy awards funny
0	happy birthday mitchie and twittlessluis! ill bring you stuff monday :p mitchie_henson
0	in other news (realised i seldom tweet these days), i climbed mount snowdon on saturday with two wonderful friends. sh-boom! wales
0	don't forget to sign up for our right to offend debate with david aaronovitch &amp; mehdi hasan next thursday
0	i don't know about you guys, but i was ready for this break on sunday of thanksgiving break.
0	big weekend ahead at maverik center friday and saturday at 7. oktoberfest specials. saturday is angel's hands night with cowbell giveaway!
0	buy a dg membership between nov 1 and 30 and you could win tickets to ballet west's the nutcracker!
0	looking forward to the london grand prix tonight and tomorrow
0	whitey anderson was a thoroughly deserving winner of the nifwa manager of the month even before saturday. when will he walk lough erne?
0	beautiful sun rises these days and still mild with no wind. we are heading out to some islands on lough erne we've never been to before!
0	good afternoon on a beautiful tuesday from the unseen high-angle view in hat yai!
0	you must read! karina smirnoff wows in a low-cut yellow dress at the espy awards (photos)
0	danlist13 it was a saturday when i went, stopped off en route for a few jars at haltwhistle and haydon bridge so was good fun.
0	adamfritz1 sweet keep me updated i'm getting ready for our big jiujitsu promotion at the end of feb.
0	sitting on the floor watching the stones doc crossfire hurricane for the 3rd time. lberry_ axlrouth alwicker hberry8 radtadcaylor
0	eafirstplay at westfield parramatta is going off! we are there from today until sunday so come and say hello
0	the band enjoyed a day of sightseeing in berlin today. we hope to see you at rock im park tomorrow! -preset
0	an hour afternoon nap in hype park though the first half of the football in the sun... nice!
0	to all going to cardiff for barbarians game tomorrow- have fun jammy buggers..c'mon hogia ni
0	super saturday is on tomorrow at westfield parramatta. one day to grab some pre christmas bargins. for one day...
0	don't miss carmen on the 100th episode of 90210 airing tomorrow night 8/7c on the cw network!
0	churchscotland. very moving remembrance service with our new minister, rev william heenan. for our tomorrow, they gave their today.
0	doom metal legends sun o))) have announced an australian tour for this october with "post-everything" act pelicansong
0	mahiro may be my bias for kiryu...but hiyori is definitely the cutest when he looks like this. -nikki
0	great night of jiujitsu! huge day tomorrow with the dynamite ninjas, striking then advanced gi!!!! don't miss it!
0	0_ofrann they released the retro fours bred during thanksgiving break on black friday. holy shit 4 bills they are 180 aren't they
0	super excited to see waiting for the barbarians on thursday at the baxtertheatre
0	super advance notice to save the date.... stone brewing will be in the house on september 24th. and, there will...
0	ironman wales on channel 4 tomorrow 6.35am - sky plus it - or do as i am excited to watch it real life with a cuppa!! ironman ironmanwales
0	when a child comes to the world, he makes his 1st landing in the arms of a nurse lets wish all of them a 'very happy nurses day'
0	legallyblondeoz 'omigod you guys' has been stuck in my head since i seen the show on wednesday!! super catchy :d
0	hungry? 15% off your bill if you show your membership badge &amp; phoenix comicon program at majerle's bar &amp; grill - 2nd st. and washington ~sm
0	i love it! june 13th is officially matt cain day in san francisco! sfgiants beatla
0	so excited for jonathan kozol tomorrow i can't even stand it.
0	jbkedz94 yup but got to be at trinity next tuesday to enrole, wednesday is a good day to brake the week
0	catching up with accused seanbean jimmy mcgovern is one of the best writers on tv today! part 2 tomorrow with anne-marie duff. can't wait!
0	aww! matt cain just given a key to the city &amp; a proclamation of june 13th as matt cain day in sf for his perfect game. yay matty! mattcain
0	for those who may not know, rock im park streaming metallicas set live right now..! "one" just finished! -randy!
0	well i am excited for tomorrow's hot jam with suzanne show from 11-1 i have learned its a great thing to have...
0	wacky wednesday on threshold. i have a feeling all sorts of awesome stuff is going to happen today on threshold....
0	nice piece about glinner in tomorrow's scotland on sunday, pegged to his new stage production of the ladykillers. man gives good quotage.
0	ladies and gents, come get your pictures taken friday and sat nights the penthouse on livernois!! new backdrops coming soon!!
0	dsq band will open for air supply july 29th at winspear opera house!!! come see our first concert with the full...
0	watched "the ladykillers" this afternoon. the perfect film for saturday afternoon. or any other time of the week.
0	anyone interested in a couple of tickets for runrig tomorrow at the northern meeting park, inverness?
0	i graduate in november with my bachelors degree. i think my present to myself is tickets to phoenix comicon and san diego comicon
0	wondering what you made of 1st episode of jimmy mcgovern's 2nd series of 'accused'? in my view, sean bean good but stephen graham excellent.
0	the rum runners will be performing on saturday, september 29th... you don't want to miss this jerry garcia...
0	good luck and lots of energy to cderycke, who is competing in the ironman wales this sunday!! come on chris!
0	thanks, lyndsey ...hairstrks sometimes red, sometimes pink! queeneasygreen we're going to see the ladykillers in nott'ham tomorrow!!
0	_0ldiekta it was awesome. ohhhhhh we won 1st place by just doing that oldschool weird :3 danny elfman style :p
0	who wants to go with me to see liza in november at the kirby center???? it's liza. fucking. minnelli.
0	big day sunday - christchurch park at 1045am for the remembrance service - we will remember, ipswich will remember
0	join us at main library, 12 p.m. on monday, 8/20 for the 2012 kiwanis corporate regatta. lunch is $5, helps support summer reading club.
0	six sentence sunday - "blaze of glory" - and it's free!
0	we have a busy saturday coming up at knollwood! our experts will be on hand to help you find the perfect academy...
0	i love giving out halloween candy and seeing happy neighborhood kids even if it is nov 3. sandy
0	good way to start the day. nowplaying how to see the sun rise by ben sollee on spotify
0	copper river salmon, quinoa, roasted beets, and thebigsalad. thursday is the new saturday.
0	anyone interested in camping tonight on the new river and swimming at summersville tomorrow?
0	next friday the 9-12 year olds get to make a gnome house in reading club. how cool!!!
0	paulbtwitt is such an encourager! loved the conversation on the way home from barbarians! ready to action tomorrow!!
0	jiujitsu tomorrow - then ufc 155 - it's gonna be a great day i can already tell
0	i am predicting a baby boom in september - for those that are throwing caution to the wind and going to out with a bang on thursday night.
0	the first hickman reading club meeting is thursday, september 27 from 3:00 to 4:00. see you there! :)
0	reneelarie well thanks and that's cool, if you're in ohio june 2nd you should come to my show at heart and sole
0	the ladykillers has just come on...that's all plans for saturday afternoon cancelled then getglue theladykillers
0	copper river salmon season starts may 15th! we're hoping to have fish on the 17th. want a great recipe for...
0	meet and greet tonight at hartigan's irish pub and restaurant. welcome to charlotte, barbarians and blockade! ready for tomorrow?!
0	delightful day in old town hastings with my nephew &amp; niece - even without sun. highlights definitely were the swan boats and vanilla fudge.
0	therobindiaz it was really nice to hear from u thanks hope ur enjoying ur time off i'll c u dec 1st in binghamton ny
0	joseparthur at work humming yer only job..lucky your coming back in november with rndm . yay for montreal
0	there are some great opportunities for young people at the moment... journals at splash dance 8 july 2- 3pm....
0	elegant and intimate: ben sollee at the carnegie center, december 6.
0	miss wv teen usa 1st runner up at miss teen usa! lets keep this fire burning with morgan at miss am. ot! wv
0	i've provisionally decided to see the ladykillers, singin' in the rain, godfather + when harry met sally for the sun of ifi open weekend.
0	lizzymac kizaleon and i are going to bluesfest on sunday! wanna join?! wolfgang garnter is awesome! &lt;3
0	it's the edinburgh derby on sunday for swfitba as hearts welcome hibs to foresters park with a 14:00 ko time. we...
0	work hard, play hard. i'll see you busters at riot fest tomorrow imastartariot
0	not gonna lie, kinda excited for gfmodelsearch this sat at westfield parramatta. looking to be a killer day!!!!!! girlfriendmag
0	abernethybutter meant to say i enjoyed ur butter at lough erne monday night! gave the table a full brief on ur wares!!
0	stone brewing just got added to our list of brewers attending the 2nd ann riverside blues &amp; bbq!
0	i want to start "international talk like a grunt day" in honor of the 4 years i served in the us army infantry. every oct 3.
0	ottawasundenisa: check out become the sun at bluesfest on the 13th. drummer had had reattached 4 years back. they need some ink and love!
0	leeds - that was incredible. eagles of death metal and apologiesihave0 stole the entire show. time to do it all again on sunday in reading!
0	lacemarketsue good morning sue, mum was good yesterday, she going to blackpool illuminations tomorrow, &amp; fish &amp; chip lunch, she'll enjoy...
0	a lot easier to check chambergates twitter than hunt through for the uca final score on sat nights
0	theweeknd amazing album!! also you may be responsible for a new baby boom trilogybabymakinmusic
0	monikaschnarre how did i miss you at the kee on tues? we all missed you at benourishedca "dockside glow" in muskoka. congrats on new line!
0	this is how you party! happy friday everyone! eagles of death metal - cherry cola...
0	just announced! knollwood &amp; labatt's have teamed up for the 1st annual michelob open on wednesday july 11th the new course!
0	peter broderick has been added to the roskilde festival program tomorrow. don't miss it. gloria at 15.00 rf12
0	chelseamorg blakeshelton blake get ready for the wild girls in ohio june 15th hurry up!!!!
0	since the live at phoenix comicon went well, producer-san, cameraman-san, and i are partying tomorrow.
0	interlaken kissed by the sun. taste them saturday
0	watching the pll halloween special for the 3rd time. i can't get enough. looking for cluesssss
0	beautiful morning. schools back tomorrow, so last swim at lovely outdoor pool in haltwhistle before it closes for season. may go twice!
0	working san diego county fair's main parking lot on 4th of july for the first time... challenge accepted...
0	can you spare your tuesday night october 2nd ??? i certainly wish i could make it! nekromantix, supported by...
0	3doorsdown you guys are killing it out there, i love you. i'm watching on livestream tonight. see y'all in binghamton ny next saturday
0	come see us tonight at eldora speedway for the 29th annual kings royal! this afternoon starting at 2:30 p.m. is...
0	did you know that over half our workforce are nursing staff (57%). we'll be celebrating 3377 of them tomorrow on nurses day ind2012
0	another great day in croatia. bring on hvar tomorrow
0	all breakingpointe fans - join us here this tuesday 6 pm pst where you can ask ballet west's allison debonna questions about the show!
0	tomorrow at 9, i'll be fangirling over the tv show "styled to rock" which has fashion designing and littlemixoffic - omfg i'll be in heaven
0	amazing day! got 4th place in the dallas urban beer hunt w/ colterhall &amp; erica_michelle &amp; then saw some killer bands at riot fest!
0	it's wednesday, you know what that means... new batman!
0	noche lat sat manor are packed-11/17-erika norell &amp; maite ofarrel &amp; dj larry larr spinning the hottest latin hits. 10:30-4am; no cover!!
0	we are collecting halloween candy thru 4pm tomorrow - anybody else want to bring candy to donte to our troops and...
0	danonthemoon therickilee hahaha i'm going with my cousin to meet her at westfield parramatta tomorrow - so i'll buy it then :) pumped!
0	tomorrow i must watch the new pll halloween episode and watch the video for mcfly's new song.
0	best of luck to everyone racing tomorrow be it padstow, ironman wales, challenge henley or one of the countless...
0	a little write up about creative alliance. great place to work. &gt;
0	cw network aug 30th check nelly on his nee show..... i have friends involved on that show..check it out let me know what u think
0	meganandliz cant wait for tomorrow!!! see you at the kirby center!
0	awesome first show last night with killswitch in utrecht! dank u wel !!! rock im park tomorrow! smaaashhh!!!
0	enjoy your sunday; on this veteran day take a moment to thank any and all active &amp; veterans who served in the military. natandalex
0	from monday 17 sept, new library reading club for reception to year 6 from 3.30-4.30pm with mrs bolton, the school librarian.
0	very heavy band of snow just w of grand bend likely close to 0 visibility and may drop a fast 5-8 cm of snow. onstorm
0	it was such a shame that the great yorkshire show was cancelled but we still really enjoyed tuesday and can't...
0	big congrats to realmisswvusa's sister queen realmisswvteen on 1st runner up at miss teen usa! wv is so proud of you, elizabeth! xoxo
0	phillwilliams17 cun. me and william are going to enrole tomorrow for our new course;)
0	nanowrimo danny elfman, as he is my favourite film score composer. i may also say akirayamaoka, if his work on the silenthillmovie counts
0	june 13th was just declared matt cain day! this shall be my new favorite holiday perfectcain
0	ready to rock out this thursday w/ ben sollee and the marshall tucker band at the 2012 vp debate festival at...
0	pache71 it's nice to get out of here at 5 though i won't lie. may go see snoop dogg at bluesfest tonight
0	ben sollee with luke and jordan lit up the cactus cafe last night. can't wait to see them gsdm tomorrow.
0	perfectcain now has his own day! june 13 will, from here on out, be known as matt cain day!
0	happy 13th birthday to chip, the newest member of the knollwood lesson horse gang!
0	mellydibb oh right, that's alright then:) i'm off on the 24th at 4am. supposed to go on the 21st but i have to enrole at runshaw-.- x
0	codeshaman more good news: i recently won 4th place at the san diego county fair homebrew competition for my dunkelweizen.
0	who wants to go with me to the bhc tomorrow to the meet &amp; greet with tyler &amp; catelynn from teen mom at 8?
0	happy 4th from the studykas:) pomona fairplex
0	roskilde festival starts today.tomorrow jakob bro+thomas knak will introduce their music "bro/knak" live for the first time orangefeeling
0	fans come out to eldora speedway this saturday where you will be able to catch brad hess, matt westfall, and jeff...
0	looking forward to runrig on friday night at barrowland. it'll be worth the 5 hour car journey down.
0	being at hot jam made me feel like it was a friday night and the weekend was ahead......nope it's only monday night
0	we would like to wish all the ladies &amp; gentleman in the nursing profession a happy nurses day for tomorrow, 12 may...
0	tomorrow is nurses day, and msc is celebrating it in a very special way. just stop by and make any purchase to...
0	merry 4th of july everyone. remember to give thanks for all the halloween candy you're going to receive on this day of columbus.
0	the covers of the penguin lantern classics are brilliant. love the feel.content is good too! signing tomorrow westfield parramatta at 11am.
0	fishing for my 1st time ever today... danee just fell into the dam must admit this is fun!!! bunchofdrunks
0	callmekallam anyone who plays football manager knows vermalen is 1st choice captain. besides, arsenal play better with a defender in charge
0	buzzing for eagles of death metal tonight. tuesday is the new friday.
0	dont miss author jonathan kozol will be at barnesnoble wed. at 7:00pm discussing his new book "fire in the ashes"!
0	this time tomorrow rndm will be rocking the house. they're the best new group out there!! playing milwaukee come check them out.
0	well that was a great success at bluesfest tonight! looking forward to saturday night! tdbluesfest
0	kind of excited to get back to the home state when we race with the outlaws on september 21st at eldora speedway!
0	amazing opportunity to get to take class with ballet west principal dancer christopher ruud next wednesday...
0	we may be next to last in time zones, but we're first in the summer olympics, and we all know that's what really matters.
0	hype park, sun and shopping in london! today is a good day! :d
0	sf mayor ed lee has declared june 13th as matt cain day &amp; then gets a key to the city, awesome! sfgiants mattcainday
0	settled in and ready to go for the 1st mountain stage. allez cadel. 2 min 2 weeks, you have time to get the maillot jaune. cadelofficial
0	book it: the lit show plays tomorrow at the creative alliance
0	exciting news - our keynotes for the 2013 event are official. wednesday we have the legendary, jonathan kozol...
0	this may top the "i ate my kids halloween candy" from jimmykimmel nud
0	shows next week close to home warren, ohio june 22nd i'm gonna rock the bang mode concert, rockapalooza jackson, michigan june 23rd
0	jimgaffigan we live 5mins from kirby center we always make great food. lol any free tickets my birthday is thursday would love to go!
0	just caught up on jimmy mcgovern's accused, very good. new silent witness on sunday too, it's no lympics but 2 hours of entertainment.
0	pre-order this super awesome riot fest shirt with all the bands on it as chicago wards. we'd be in about the 5th...
0	sitting watching qt with my marxist sister in law. certainly makes it interesting and the 1st person i've heard who agrees with mehdi hasan
0	youth soccer season starts in 10 days nov 3rd. don't miss out on the action - register at
0	on the train to the capital for the edinburgh derby. c'mon the hearts believe hmfc theprideofedinburgh heartofmidlothian
0	educators don't miss jonathan kozol, author of "fire in the ashes" sept 11 phoenix college 7pm discussing public school issues educators
0	hey my charlotte, nc friends! i'm playing the gin mill downtown tomorrow, friday, night! show starts around 9! come party!
0	it's our 3rd anniversary! can you believe that? many thanks to all who have supported &amp; are continuing to patronize mitchie's sweet petites!
0	crossfire hurricane, amazing film and finally some proper music on saturday night tv!! oh to have seen the stones live back then!
0	-agent april is going with me to raccoon city. i bet carla got something in store for us... but im always ready to fight-
0	huge congrats to cbc former student tim glencross whose debut novel barbarians has now just sold in germany. uk is 4th estate!
0	stone brewing is taking over smoqued bbq on tuesday, january 6th! it's going to be a great night! rsvp on facebook.
0	friday get out of the cold &amp; join us at rum runners in dennisport, 9pm. then bundle up saturday and join george &amp;...
0	bradwiggins shook your hand in 'tolos' in may, proud to have shaken the hand of the maillot jaune, congratulations!
0	we're all no one! party w/ nervo tonight at surrender nightclub! grab ur bikinis &amp; swim trunks for splash dance thursday! txt me 714.8785254
0	watch video tribute to dan wheldon from the espy awards on july 11 makes me sad yet happy to see dan so happy...then
0	hey skrillex is you could keep it down while mastodon plays tomorrow at bluesfest that would be the best. thank you for your time.
0	musicavivaau i thought i'd go to 17 rehearsals, and squeeze in abc sunday live with rebecca chan and kristian chong.
0	defeat the red stars tomorrow night! best of luck bostonbreakers
0	nlcs, thursday night football, and a rerun of usa v lithuania game from the summer olympics. could this night get any better? probablynot
0	scooter70 is hoping to get him the special beer 12/12/12 from stone brewing comp and save it for jt for his 21st birthday. :)
0	don't forget to check out the polish festival on roncesvalles this weekend - we'll be screening polish shorts from 2-4pm sat/sun!
0	best way to spend a friday afternoon, watching the new batman.
0	free stuff! seriously! come out to the maverik center tomorrow morning for kzht 97.1 fm's pumpkin drop and win...
0	bowling then dinner w/ the family tomorrow for maite's birthday (:
0	we're not dead yet, just busy setting up figments media. we promise to have an update sometime monday, do you want mk or star wars weekends?
0	new batman comes out tomorrow ! cannot wait to buy it haha
0	hope you're all planning to tune in to ballet west's breaking pointe premiering on the cw on may 31st!!! you...
0	sunday bests: pabh, band of skulls, eagles of death metal, 2:54, the horrors, me first and the gimme gimmes and less than jake.
0	part 2 tour of hat yai. look at the amazing warm welcome and love for miss tourism 2012 world final on 16th
0	new hqs! chanel iman arrives at the 2012 espy awards, la, july 11 2012
0	don't forget our beauty editor laura will be at westfield parramatta at 1.30pm today (sat) with plenty of great tips! come &amp; meet her. bwob
0	huge weekend coming up at the kee to bala! come and celebrate kee-anada day with us on sunday! we have a huge...
0	pretty awesome. jonathan kozol sat in on my session at the saanys conference!
0	brentspiner please come to phoenix comicon again! the weather is so great here in may...maybe not but it is sort of "fresh hellish".
0	got floor seats for bon jovi in april! i can't wait! dead or alive, livin' on a prayer, or going out in a blaze of glory. superstoked
0	harrogate is a spa town and the site for the great yorkshire show in july. this cottage is a great base for visiting
0	insidebjj insidebjjmatt insidebjjernest insidebjjstella happy monday folks!! love the show aka pulse of jiujitsu!!
0	score! i can say i had a nice day at the rndm show on thursday :)
0	in the middle of downtown dallas, is the winspear opera house. where i saw kchenoweth on may 24th. best night ever.
0	great price on salmon! copper river salmon is just $9.99 a pound, fillet only, thursday 5/24 thru monday 5/28 while supplies last.
0	happy veteran day....may god continue 2 bless all current &amp; former vets. thank you 4 all you do/done!
0	eldora speedway - new weston, oh - saturday, june 30th - who is coming to get the $5000? lee cooper, max blair,...
0	international talk like a pirate day's 10th anniversary celebrated: by kevin dolak (kdolak) across the world to...
0	happy day after international talk like a pirate day sept 19th!!! some great pirate facts in the latest edition...
0	ooh operation raccoon city is 19.99, i may pick that game up, if i have the strength to..man i gotta sleep earlier.
0	the romney/libya moment was the fastest momentum stopper i've seen since that kenny lofton 3rd base stop in cleveland's 2007 playoffs.
0	stone's bandmate jeff's new band rndm is playing the jimmy fallon show tomorrow night. check it out.
0	forget the 10 hour bus trips! now you can fly from subang to hat yai comfortably in just 1 hour 20 mins. the 1st...
0	haleyjennalee like tomorrow, i'm going to get more ink my self, and probably go see ben sollee play! ha good day!
0	thank god for having a sub in 2nd, watched the pll halloween special i missed the other night
0	when the boys come to ohio june 18 2013, if they play at cedar point, i will piss myself.
0	lallysmarine boardbash 2012 coming to ohio june 30th! make sure to check it out!
0	tuesday night the cw network will be showing "dr horrible's sing-a-long blog". if you haven't seen it, you should!
0	yup, bluesfest was wicked tonight. epic roofing job tomorrow. this is the life.
0	come out and join kj_purplehoney on december 15, 2012 at the creative alliance for a wonderful christmas show and our dvd release party!!!
0	you can be a 'switch on superstar'! every saturday,u get chance to turn on blackpool illuminations - it could be you! text lights to 80039!
0	watching the live stream of miss teen usa while watching the olympics. great saturday! :)
0	can you believe it's the 13th and i still have unopened bags of halloween candy???
0	june 13th is now matt cain day in san francisco!! he also just got the key to sf. perfectgame
0	threshold opens for the fab 4 thursday oct 25 and friday oct 26 at the cove in normandy park wa... don't miss it!
0	good tuesday morning. its the last day of the month which means at northside in summersville we are going to be moving cars. come see me!
0	thenext is on the cw network in 30 minutes! you may already be in front of the tube, so tune in and support joejonas w/us!
0	foodembrace saw your shout out on copper river salmon. you may like our take on it from seattle w/this recipe
0	on this day, 44 yrs ago, zeppelin played their 1st gig in north america as an opening act for vanilla fudge. tix cost $5. blewthemoffstage
0	good luck to the mutiny reserves tonite in their playoff match! get it done! big match tomorrow night in est longmeadow! mutiny v red stars!
0	7 stage wins from brits, maillot jaune for wiggins, 4th win on the champs elysees for cav, team sky hattrick to end with. dominance proud
0	last day of my vacation! it was a great one! shinedown concert kicked ass on the 9th at bluesfest in ottawa!! :)
0	ive just heard the edinburgh derby has been moved to the 3rd of jan. is this true?? but as long as its still a night time ko im happy pyro
0	tomorrow night 9/8c on the cw network watch a new episode of beautyandthebeast !! set your dvr for an exciting episode!!
0	danee better still match with me tomorrow .
0	climbing frames for plants: the sun has been out, the chelsea flower show has been in full swing and we are all ...
0	nataliecawte kezzawarne yeah she is still at ballet west now in the 3rd year!
0	fantastic event in tenby on sunday with the second running of the ironman wales triathlon. more than 40 nations...
0	watched the pll halloween special. good!! have to wait till january for its return.
0	stone brewing celebrates 16 years! thurs we'll tap their 16th anniv ale, the new uber-fresh enjoy by ipa &amp; a cask...
0	thanks so much to all of you who came to the remembrance service on the 11th. i had a great time and i love...
0	going to be listening to a combination of manran, skerryvore, runrig and the vatersay boys on our drive to inverness tomorrow. teuchters
0	travelling to hat yai on 18 aug for 3 days and travelling to brunei on end of nov with some of my close friends! excited heaven pinchme
0	congrats to djokernole for winning best male tennis player award at the 20th annual espy awards! i'm so glad i voted! :d
0	glad to see the response was ready by the time i got around to reading mehdi hasan's article. thanks twoshadesofhope
0	full results from eldora speedway! finished 2nd with the nra!
0	matt cain just got hooked up! key to the city and june 13th is matt cain day. beatla
0	monday morning laugh! my mom sent me this and said she did this to us once, just for fun "i ate your halloween candy"
0	omigod! tomorrow is gonna be 12/12/12. wow! opposite day? hmm. x
0	beer garden: hop-driven ale marks stone brewing's 16th anniversary: stone brewing in san diego just celebrated 1...
0	starrj101 brendamlc maireadetoile hellaw jan - should i wish you happy nurses day??
0	tomorrow is the only pool part at night to b at with dimitirivegas and likemike. splash dance surrendervegas
0	what happens when you pitch a perfect game? you get your own day. june 13th is now matt cain day in sf! perfectcain congrats matt!
0	mywishin2013 to get tickets to see 1d the maverik center in utah on july 25th(:
0	if you are travelling to phuket before 31st august, we have a great deal to stay at the kee resort &amp; spa, email us at honeymooncdqa.com
0	i wrote my espy awards speech in 12th grade, i still plan on using this in the future...
0	june 13 is now officially matt cain day every year in san francisco. i'm just hoping to someday have a wing place name a sauce after me
0	enjoyed taking leigha on the train to the top of mount snowdon sat
0	great interview by darryl_sterdan with bassist jeff ament from rndm: new album out tomorrow. pearljam
0	thrilled to hear jimmy mcgovern has bought the rights to alastair campbell's 1st novel. huge opp. to get message to millions campbellclaret
0	chiara atik's the secret catcher in 3g's sips&amp;scripts, tom 7pm the gin mill. new play, cold draft &amp; hot tots. c'mon, you know you wanna.
0	palsishere will go near interlaken, don't be surprised if my pics tomorrow look familiar to you:-) region's super popular in bollywood:-)
0	finished for the week now and getting ready for congress starting tomorrow! and, happy nurses day to all my fab colleagues :)
0	avast, maties: international talk like a pirate day that's right, today's the day. the 10th anniversary no less. tim...
0	sometime this afternoon neilanthonylive will give you a chance to see doc_walker at the kee to bala this coming saturday! know your trivia
0	it's monday and it's a full week 3! jonathan kozol tonight on campus &amp; club fair on wed weareallwinnershcc
0	check out the scene at stylish wave extra on april 22! guild, zuck, vneu, hero, born, unite, micro head4ns, kra, kiryu!
0	happy 4th to everyone! a day of fun and excitement awaits at cccr, plus blaze of glory - a tribute to bon jovi...
0	actualbenmiller wife & i made a day trip from paris just to see the ladykillers matinee last wed. absolutely loved the show!
0	looking forward to seeing plenty of people out tomorrow, who are showing their respects at the remembrance service at leeds town hall
0	don't miss allison debona from ballet west &amp; the cw's "breaking pointe" teaching this thursday at 1:30pm sign in early!
0	nicoleburdasch dude!! im going to a polish festival on sunday with my room mate :d
0	may 21 2012. the biggest day ever for chelsea fans. one year later, may 21 2013, the biggest event on that day is the chelsea flower show.
0	crazy, the list keep growing.... sep 5th bdays kevinsaunderson djspooky john cage, werner herzog, jonathan kozol and freddie mercury
0	cathwalps i hope not! not a cloud in the sky so far! travelling to split tomorrow then in hvar next couple of days.. how're you getting on?
0	jemsdreams yep had a fair few lol, good job didn't hurt myself there, although worth it for him, gives me something to watch on sat nights
0	heading to the last saturday of star wars weekends for some intergalactic fun. sww2012
0	all are invited to the remembrance service this sunday at 4 p.m. in the chapel. this is a beautiful way to pay...
0	all nurses specialy itsher91 &amp; salbiahhh "happy nurses day. even if it may be a tough and tiring work for you. never doubt your job." :))
0	plus side jiujitsu practice was fantastic today. also there's a chance i'll attend the judo competition class tomorrow. coolbeans
0	goodbye herbet lom - the ladykillers, spartacus, and a shot in the dark, that would make a great saturday afternoon triple bill
0	just caught up on tuesday nights accused, johnbishop100 was quality in the last two. all 4 have been quality jimmy mcgovern = great writer
0	smashleychavez 9k day! they just honored matt cain. gave him the key the city and made every june 13th from here forward matt cain day!
0	beach trip is winding down. good day of sun, jiujitsu, and surplus shopping.
0	mark you calendar for june 16th catch me performing at the first annual earth festival! be there!
0	share if you think the only thing better than thanksgiving leftovers is an incredible black friday deal on your...
0	nurses day is may 12. can you guess why? hint: famous nurse's bday.
0	yay going to see blackpool illuminations on tuesday with oli :d
0	great sets as well by lambofgodband and mfnh. we do it all again sunday at rock im park. markduanemorton thegeneralmh
0	rainy friday night in perfect for losing myself in the beauty of the chelsea flower show on lifestyletweets
0	jaimibartlett04 gina's my 4th? :) i went on nov 19th and omigod fell in love with her portrayal in 1 show!! i couldnt really get used to...
0	judas kiss on friday, horse riding in hype park and shopping yesterday, bbc tour and westfields and dinner with friends today. good weekend.
0	don't miss the tron reunion with cindy morgan, cindymorganinfo and bruce boxleitner, boxleitnerbruce at phoenix comicon in may! phxcc ~sm
0	well done to all the competitors of ironman wales. it's the taking part that counts!! a special congrats to my hubby, your 10th ironman xxx
0	just to let you know, antonio carluccio might mention us on the great british food revival, bbc2 at 7pm tomorrow.
0	clemmo316 hello maite good to hear from you sa. no worries sa, already spoken to jj. good man, carnage sunday sa
0	gabylittle95 very good idea! i have to go college next wednesday to enrole! how was you're holiday!? :)
0	gregallerston miss ya to buddy &lt;3 what you saying monday night ? down for the kee wtb hollaatme
0	"the hub" channel is it is f'ing awesome! thurs night lineup from 12 am on: transformers, gi joe, new batman, alf! i dont want to sleep!
0	saturday - the diggly dog had a fantastic walk starting at haltwhistle, through burn gorge and up on to hadrians...
0	we have just won our 1st match in the mysa international girls tournament! go girls go
0	i miss black friday with laidbackwlove . when her mother always had us eat up all the thanksgiving leftovers !
0	80s move alert: start your friday with a bang... no a boom, "baby boom" is on hbo family in 5min.
0	hollyalisonford aye see. going to runrig on saturday up in inverness then going to knockhill on sunday!! x
0	is looking forward to doing the oncampwithkelly 800m at the london grand prix tomorrow but really needs to start shifting this cold!!
0	little bit excited about going to hvar on thursday with joemarkowski tomfarrant rotundwill bringonthesun
0	carriehfletcher are you going to be at hype park tomorrow? :)
0	finally friday!!!! let's make it through the day, see kt_mode compete for miss teen usa tonight, then bridesmaids dress shopping tomorrow!
0	just got my tickets for the edinburgh derby on sunday hibeees
0	pretty excited to be singing at westfield parramatta this saturday at 10.30 &amp; 2.30 on the main stage! who lives in sydney???
0	aliarqam it is widely disputed.this recent article by mehdi hasan in the guradian is quite good gulbukhari
0	check out derby on the big screen at tomorrow night's screening of derbybabyfilm at creative alliance!
0	monday is over &amp; it's good mood tuesday! at northside in summersville, we are in a good mood. so come &amp; see me. ask for barry!
0	win primus tickets right now for their impressive 3d-enhanced performance at the kirby center this tuesday:
0	mitziruff hope you have a blast at 3doorsdown and daughtry tomorrow night i am going next saturday i cant wait binghamton ny here i come
0	hopefully, summersville or somewhere tomorrow with my girls. or something. chelsiesanson paige_clevenger
0	eagles of death metal definitely get you going on a monday morning.
0	loving the sun this weekend, went to lechlade for a picnic with hollie yesterday and will soon be heading over her mum's for a bbq :)
0	tim chaisson is heading out on an australian tour with his first stop in newcastle, nsw on the 13th. his new tour...
0	egincontrol saw them at riot fest last saturday in chicago. hopefully you'll have a moshtastic time like a i did!
0	come enjoy splash dance with robbie riviera this thursday surrendervegas!!
0	phoenix comicon: a rhyn comic?: i had a blast at the phoenix comicon. it ended sunday evening then we drove home...
0	this saturday &amp; sunday come join us the blendartists at the pomona fairplex! your ticket can win you a brand new car!
0	it is not too late to sign your k-5th grade child up for the little tornadoes reading club at the dover public...
0	mattlanter are you gonna be in disney world for star wars weekends again in may? please say yes.
0	polish festival starts later today &amp; goes until sat. in de. so if you want to try polish beer this is the place....
0	ooh, a friend just offered me a ticket to the antonio carluccio show on wednesday. i like having nice friends.
0	sorry about mac's passing but glad to hear threshold is coming back with something solid.
0	celebrating international nurses day, 12 may - closing the gap: from evidence to action. happy nurses day.
0	miss teen usa - just met with essence magazine ;) watch for my interview on their website this thursday!
0	the_ned hope to see you at threshold:rebound on folsom sunday!
0	milano, italy- tomorrow mount snowdon, wales- 10 days london new years/bday-11 days bring it onnn
0	hype park may have finished me off this weekend but i loved it! the boss yest topped paul simon today for me though..i have the best boy!
0	threshold's new video for "staring at the sun", which was selected from a fan video contest.
0	taking it down to the wire with deciding how to interview dr bill sysak out at stone brewing tomorrow. i want to...
0	wow, what's good time last night!!! love the old skool jams! today i rest... tomorrow back to the kee to bala...
0	the living earth festival is going to be pretty sweet!! if you're in the dc area be sure to stop by the american indian smithsonian tomorrow
0	yup just rsvp'd to see catelynn and tyler from teen mom on thursday... noshame
0	cbethm pratchett rocks. he's always 1st choice for britlit kids picking 1st book for reading club
0	very excited about roskilde festival tomorrow! on pavillion stage at 7.30pm orangefeeling
0	raffthenurse carolinekin - the sun is shinning so happy nurses day!
0	monstershockey after sat nights game on whk 1420, dougplagens is on with us, plus we have tickets to the next home game to give away! rt?
0	happy birthday janetjealousy i got you a red letter day once in a life time fishing trip on lough erne. mon round and get it.
0	baha , as if i'm singing in front of people at bluesfest tomorrow ! everyone is going to be so great! sinkingin feelingsick
0	thursday night features with a bonus! its the end of copper river salmon season so get it while you still can:...
0	richardtruscott good day? you still at lechlade tomorrow?
0	sunday november 11 join me in st petersburg for the faerie and earth festival. i will be painting live all day....
0	i may cover the eagles of death metal next.........because yeahhhh
0	we are working hard to fix the motor so we can race for the 1st time at eldora speedway for the kings royal. hope to see you there
0	defending the production of sustainable cotton for african countries: interlaken 8 october 2012. mr. s... wcoc09
0	grizzliesvoice russmalone has a late shout out and thanks to the grizzlies, plans to be at maverik center on friday as usual gogrizz!!
0	there is still time to get over to the gin mill in northampton-week 6 qualifying round thursday night! and facebook!
0	to my dc friends! saturday is the living earth festival including an organic farmer's market, native american...
0	some "baby boom" with diane keaton and corn flakes - happy monday!
0	5th grade alps students encouraged their peers to donate halloween candy for the halloween candy buy back...
0	nice to see ironman wales made the top five bike course list
0	iys_12 catelynn and tyler are speaking tuesday, the 9th at 8:30 pm, in the south ballroom of the bernhard center. fo' free!
0	gary_grant1991 yeah honestly, going up to see my gran plus my cousin got tickets for the edinburgh derby on sunday. yeah course you can
0	day off tomorrow, family day out to blackpool illuminations!!
0	come to the baltimore screenwriters coffee club - this tuesday at the creative alliance!! it's always fun!!
0	for fans of classic progressive metal... threshold's new one march of progress is out now! find it online:...
0	chiarapasserini cadelofficial i mean 6th to 2nd of course ... 2nd to maillot jaune tonight !!! go cadel !!!
0	congratulations to jessica lee morgan, who placed 3rd runner up tonight at miss teen usa. jessica also won miss...
0	edsheeran just seen you live at the enmore in sydney. amazing !!!!! best solo gig i've ever seen. are you at bluesfest in march???
0	and the hat yai fashion festival kicks off! the 1st of the 300 models tonite! thks flyfirefly fr the opportunity ;)
0	drake tomorrow at the kee to bala. this might be the most excited i have ever been for a concert
0	looking forward to presenting at the saanys conference tomorrow in saratoga and getting to spend time with jonathan kozol again. edchat
0	special from tim brown only tonight and saturday!!! copper river salmon (available only for 3-4 weeks a year)
0	thomasjosee thursday:d and well it's that winter wonderland at hype park (google it) it looks fab!
0	anyone want to come to art park tomorrow after school with a few others ? if you do tweet me :)x
0	yootiny ima just go with danee tomorrow, thanks tho
0	blackhawksbabyx look for a live version of "just older", it's one of my favorites. and if they play "blaze of glory" in july, i'll die. &lt;3
0	patrickdempsey come visit the grand national roadster show in january at the pomona fairplex. literally hundreds of sweet rides!
0	nekromantix with blazin' entrails tomorrow night the rosemount. make it if you can!
0	amirkidz i'm in thailand laa. hat yai to be exact. will be going to krabi tomorrow :)
0	day 12 - monday, 11/12 - thank a veteran day. brave men and women who have served their country with honor surround us. find a veteran t...
0	goldentickets 30secondstomars got my gt! june is gonna be marsmonth! berlin, rock im park and rock the beach! can't wait to see you again
0	climbing mount snowdon for charity in february!! would love for you to sponsor me (pretty please!!) :d
0	awesome tomorrow starts the 3-day festival, uc davis, known as the whole earth festival. this weekend is gonna be sunny! ;-) i'm off too!
0	kenny lofton threw the 1st pitch!! glad i seen that!
0	city of sf honors matt cain's perfect game with june 13th, now known as matt cain day. quite an honor for his perfect game-well deserved
0	we just found out we got accepted to race at the l.a. county fair at pomona fairplex on september 8th, yippeee!!
0	the ya summer reading club ends on august 18. register and record your books to earn cool prizes before it's too late!
0	obama will be the 2nd biggest person to stay in lough erne golf resort after bert mccormick fact cantgetitcantbegot
0	driving from venice to interlaken. the sun peeks through the dark clouds sustenpass
0	lizgaskell arrived in split today. lakes were amazing. off to hvar tomorrow. will keep you updated :)
0	dj smoke, pete c. and realizm the gin mill in kearny this saturday!! no cover!
0	carriewils0n haha, the 25th! just tell me when &amp; i'll make a trip to summersville for the day!
0	de la soul is going to be at the cabooze on 4/27...that is going to be a great show...
0	don't miss the fr ted quiz for threshold hosted by the hilarious joerooney1 (aka fr damo!) 18 dec roisindubhpub. tix
0	wilfprophecy yep, bestival in september. you seen the line up for brisfest looks pretty good. de la soul for starters. :d
0	happy to be celebrating torani's 87th fourth of july at the san diego county fair. come out tonight for the...
0	can't wait for avicii tomorrow night in binghamton ny! really just wanna see how crazy the lights and people are gonna be :d pumped
0	great times and great show last friday night with ben sollee! thanks to ben and headliners and everyone that was...
0	mix six pack from warners at the bay tonight. bitter &amp; twisted beer festival tomorrow. i love my craftbeer
0	seriously can't wait until tuesday... really want to make the new batman trilogy my next purchase for myself but wondering if they're...
0	it's nice and sunshine here at the kee resort today, you may know it from the looks of these orchids near the...
0	de la soul's song buddy just made my friday! jammingatmydesk
0	join the team at eldora speedway on saturday for family fun night 2!! matt westfall, brad hess, and jeff babcock...
0	the best thing about this weekend - going to the edinburgh derby on sunday. hmfc prideofedinburgh
0	nobodybutme_ bruh, thursday after thanksgiving break was beyond off the map! they set the standards high that night and i was sober
0	don't miss the new ballet west reality tv series on the cw tomorrow.
0	dear teamsky is it me or has the sun shone ever since bradwiggins confirmed the maillot jaune on the tt...? sungodonamission
0	looking forward to spinning the legs out tomorrow. check out the profile of the bike course from ironman wales.
0	rehearsing with da legendary de la soul for roots picnic sat.... wowow!!!
0	ericggooden met you at the w, espy awards. look forward to seeing you sat, on the red carpet -bobby kimball, eddie mon
0	mushroomdiary hi john im interviewing antonio carluccio tomorrow, what mushroom question will make a good one?x
0	aliencesss yes . may she not make trouble in t-ara and danee too. she still young , like me -.-
0	jogonthetyne .... hope the sun shining on you in haltwhistle today ... drum up any support ??
0	oc folks - see below: if you are in orange county tomorrow, come to our beacon summer olympics at la palma...
0	i just want friday to get here already! i'm buying resident evil operation raccoon city! ;d
0	to do list: kick of your saturday night right with ben sollee at u street music hall! 930club uhalldc bensollee
0	u know it's going to be a good bachelor party when u get the bar &amp; the 1st song to come on is "blaze of glory" bon jovi notenoughbudlight
0	the netherlands came out 2nd in the 4x100 relay at the london grand prix. wedoinggood
0	great weekend! bar mitzvah at knollwood and a photoshoot! is it weird that i'm looking forward to working on monday? :)
0	i always look forward to tuesday nights just because styled to rock is on
0	don't miss splash dance the nighttime pool party surrendervegas tomorrow w/ djr3hab !!
0	although the rain is falling, the sun is always shining at cheddar, almondsbury and lechlade! what is everyone up to today?
0	don't forget it is youth soccer make up game tonight (oct 4th) at the enterprise elementary school field. check...
0	all prep for the future. bookin up for the uk 70.3 ironman in june, then plannin on doin the ironman wales. dependingon race commitments ofc
0	this weekend is the polish festival, and the firefly party at tfaw. all that stands in the way is friday.
0	omg this time tomorrow i will be sunning it up in hvar! croatia here we come!!!
0	holidays in the eastern part of the peninsula, which incorporates hat yai and koh samui, are greatest carried out from december to june
0	join us next thursday for this screening at the creative alliance (i'm in the movie!!). it should be a great,...
0	verojecsguard i may have to do that. :) did you see my disney pics from star wars weekends?
0	cabaret at warners tonight, then a matinee show at eastbourne tomorrow. wednesday, off to the kings theatre, southsea. have a happy week...
0	there's lots to do this weekend! the polish festival, the taste of melbourne &amp; more weekender
0	at the chevy youth soccer clinic on tues. a was too young to play but pretty stoked with his free shirt
0	jjjrrr haha oohh yeah i actually had the same thought when i saw rndm on sunday!
0	tonight's the night! 29th annual kings royal at eldora speedway!
0	cork_bhoy would you interested in a five a side footy tournement jan 12 at warners with sean dalee its my lads dance crew?
0	i gonna jiujitsu training tomorrow wanna fight with strong guys hihi
0	good luck to everyone at ironman wales tomorrow, hope you all have a great day! imwales
0	watching masterchef_aust makes me want to go back to italy so badly... may have to settle for digging out antonio carluccio's book tho!
0	m_shinoda will you perform lies greed misery or burn it down? i'll watch you guys on tv :d btw see you tomorrow at rock im park and m&amp;g :)
0	day 4 of hat yai! saturday - sunday going to songkla, then to phuket. yey.
0	i may never become first horse, but i tore london a new one at the summer olympics, and no one can ever take that away from me. teamusa
0	last night was the best night out i've had in ages! circoloco was class.. on the other side on the way to the lakes for work tomorrow death
0	looking forward to speaking about email marketing at the ms2conf social media conference tomorrow in grand bend....
0	photoset: on friday, i was lucky enough to get tickets for the chelsea flower show. what a fantastic evening...
0	finally watched pll halloween special. yikes!! i def cannot wait for the season premier jan 8th!!!
0	enjoy the first single "ashes" from threshold's upcoming album "march of progress":
0	asiflovessonal my 2nd fav is lake brienz near interlaken on a stormy day:-))
0	i'm so excited. you don't even know! i'm going to ohio june 20th for like a week to visit my aunt and cousins. omggggg
0	2012 espy awards: wednesday night (july 11) was dedicated to the athletes. the television channel espn hold the...
0	kelsey_ann_mo where are we going out for devin's 21st?? northampton's finest... the gin mill? haha
0	take a look inside the kwafaku reading club to see how these volunteers nurture children's literacy every sat (video)
0	binghamton ny, xcitewrestling, i will see you on friday, sept 28!
0	thank you to my baby for men that are willing to risk their lifes for us happy veteran day!! may god bless you guys
0	ending a day dancing to the pointer sisters on jefferson street in celebration of creative alliance's 25th...
0	such a beautiful morning.. just drove past winter wonderland in hype park! going there thursday with rivanquish can't wait! suchakid
0	today plan of action lots of jam this morning may be some chutney then the vanilla fudge and at some point go and get the christmas tree
0	we're excited to have mysa's support behind tomorrow night's game! first 1,000 people in the doors get a mini soccer ball!
0	for those going to circoloco at dc10 tomorrow you are in for a treat. carl_cox is doing a special house set from 18:00-22:00 on the terrace
0	danny elfman may well be the best halloween music composer.
0	thedallasdiva jdmolina1 hit cool out at the gin mill for a special sunday night edition. then doublewide or the goat for the late night!
0	thegeorgia1 when u go through lechlade tomorrow, i'll be the one having the shoot out with the vicar!
0	phillips cant wait to see u in wilkes barre pa dec 9th at kirby center. r u coming out after the show for pics n autographs? prettyplease
0	sep 6 1952 greg attiucsfinch peck is very happy with the blaze of glory casting. he considers missbettygrable a top dramatic actress.
0	just 2 more days until copper river salmon is here! arriving monday to the market.
0	copper river salmon special and live music thursday night! come try some of the best salmon in the world!
0	rollingstones i'm going to watch crossfire hurricane tomorrow hbo 2:00, can't wait, i'm sure i will fall in love with it!
0	dick van dyke scheduled for the winspear opera house in dallas on tuesday may 29 about 7pm. should be a good show.
0	another great night in split, off to hvar on the 8:30 ferry tomorrow morning... dreading the packing but excited to get there!
0	also, making my plea for owth to play until the day at riot fest tomorrow, wasnt in the set last night, really wanna hear it live
0	playing a scramble event at knollwood tomorrow, let's see how the "steady eddy" will hold...
0	see everyone at the gin mill on saturday! looking forward to another great irish celebration! bring your high 5's!
0	i'm going to play my cartoon suite as part of emf's ear to the earth festival at white box saturday 22 december 8pm. see you there!
0	news just in - eagles of death metal will present rocknroll bingo next wednesday, aug 29th. not only that but...
0	ohshit_maite happy birthday maite! i hope you work tomorrow because i'm going to squish you with my undying love for you.
0	happy i have something to watch sunday nights now! :) makes the wait for abc sunday fall lineup somewhat bearable! lol
0	free screening tonight! june 19 at 7:00pm in partnership with utah film center, ballet west invites you to a...
0	thanks! jayneytravels hvar is something i'm hearing a lot, will it still be busy late-october?
0	euro cup and $10 burger n beer sound like the perfect recipe for a tuesday afternoon. stone brewing on special all day!
0	red stars game then sister hazel at the lincoln park arts and music fest. good saturday.
0	seldomseengirl everyone's still at roskilde festival, it doesn't finish until tomorrow night, but just wait 'til monday ;d
0	msynergy i totally just squealed seeing the abc sunday promo on tv. the charmings! all the feels, i have them!
0	ahh, the polish festival is today and tomorrow! shoooooooooot. i hope i can make it tomorrow :s
0	up crazy early on a sunday for the start of ironman wales. good luck to everyone taking part, you're all amazing
0	mite25 thanks for following me maite,great to see you saturday.
0	f.m. kirby center,november 24th...hope to see you there...
0	excitement for liverpool john moores next saturday, only going in search for males with liverpudlian accents
0	go cats! the 20th annual espy awards: superfan badge holders consistently post smart, timely comments about wash...
0	gabylittle95 haha! and nope, just know i have to go in wednesday and enrole and stuff. do you?
0	conquering rides on the 4th baby!!! san diego county fair
0	happy 16th anniversary to stone brewing! if you, like us, couldn't make it down for the party at the brewery,...
0	fireworks spectacular on saturday night - 1000s queuing for big wheel...then the sun shone on moving remembrance service. a welly weekend!
0	in moscow - getting ready for the live demo at art park on sunday. come join if you fancy
0	katabaticesque thank you. suzanne moore is debating mehdi hasan on this on today at 8:45am tomorrow, so hopefully he'll have to listen...
0	omigod omigod omigod... the biker jacket i've had made in hoi an is perfect! a few alterations to the dresses to check tomorrow. can't wait!
0	1st team game looks set to be on with sunshine in lechlade
0	thanksgiving leftovers is the 2nd best part of thanksgiving .. why wouldn't i be mad
0	tina, mustard and pudding are climbing mount snowdon tomorrow to raise funds for the pet welfare alliance. your...
0	did you miss your favorite panel at phoenix comicon? i recorded all the headliners in hd 1st row. watch them all phxcc
0	i went to the polish festival on roncesvalles on saturday awesome time!
0	drbarbstweets an excellent idea. may is a lovely time in the city. chelsea flower show too. and yes, costs often better than summer months.
0	tfrox lynseymc_donald making them is awesome but on a lazy sunday it is best left to antonio carluccio plus i can't get them sticky inside
0	codysimpson i can't wait to see you on december 9th and meet at the fm kirby center!!(:
0	i hope everyone had a great christmas! jason tyler will be at the deland's airport restaurant and gin mill december 29th!
0	rjpollock the champ could have a good day tomorrow. dunky text me earlier about golf at lough erne on sunday. you playing ?
0	goosebumps on friday as millarmind surged to his win and again yesterday as bradwiggins swept through cap d'agde in the maillot jaune
0	heard the raw recording last night from therealjoburt &amp; thejoburtexperience at the back to earth festival on saturday. amazing! so proud!
0	learninlife i loved the hawaii rainbows. out here in ca they used to show almost all their home games at around 11 pm on sat nights.
0	scottburkholder lovely event thursday at the creative alliance -- congrats!
0	2012 espy awards best dressed: the 20th annual 2012 espy awards were last night, and with lebron james winning ...
0	i have a spare ticket for the warners at the bay beer festival on sunday, anyone want it?
0	don't forget to send kids wednesday with candy. (bet you never see me say that again!) halloween candy to be donated to the va hospital!
0	jameskimonevius: so, who's going to see the stones in crossfire hurricane tomorrow night at mauifilmfest firstlightmaui i want to!
0	summer reading club ends august 18! get your reading wrapped up and come get your fastpasses by that date. august 18 is the last day!
0	already working on the next riot fest interview coming this wednesday. here's a hint: it's also a real good one.
0	geekery: just learned about the tim burton &amp; danny elfman 25th anniversary music box set. now if only i could...
0	i really want for there to be bball on sunday. and not just mysa
0	november 11 happy veteran day? seriusly i'm not agree with the word war because that means innocent people...
0	hope everyone is out having fun at the 2012 roncesvalles polish festival today and it's on tomorrow too!
0	but 1st awesome day at jiujitsu. got my 1st black eye success
0	this is a big month for us! tomorrow we're playing in davis at the whole earth festival, then kicking off our...
0	good to see some of you at the great yorkshire show last tuesday yorkshire hour
0	duck day is tomorrow in greenhead, (near haltwhistle) come and see the five ring circus perform at a village fete with difference! 1pm - 4pm
0	we collected 252 pounds of candy this year in our third halloween candy buy back. we shipped it off thursday...
0	jjredfield im good *agent april* im survive in raccoon city.... my mission was to take down.. umbrella corp! with alice...
0	mamedyarov beats nakamura in the 7th round of the london grand prix. what a game!
0	vanilla fudge, friday nite. tanner park copiague ny. free concert on the water. no mark stein. what an amazing...
0	done with finals, aka done with school, hot jam tonight, lake compounce wednesday, weekend, graduate on the 19th? happygirl thefuture
0	author jonathan kozol comes to alvernia tomorrow at 7:00pm in the pec for a lecture that is free and open to the public. don't miss it!
0	pepper &amp; eastsidedave are nuckin' futs' but i wouldn't want to spend my sat nights with anyone else! lol illbringabottlenexttime!
0	thank you friends! dancing with chervona at the polish festival last saturday.
0	the earth festival has officially started! sage is burning and the sun seems to be shinning beautifully for us!
0	i live in hope that diane keaton in baby boom will be on my sunday afternoon tv screen some day soon. man alive i love that film.
0	gbkburgers if i were queen for the day i'd knight antonio carluccio for bringing us such fine fare to pinner long may he reign. fantastico
0	itv needs to reshow the jimmy mcgovern drama again. it's so powerful and accurate. and now people know that it may shock people even more
0	back on the road again....heading to denmark. tomorrow we rock roskilde festival alongside one of my favorite...
0	gsian are you going coldplay on tues? also, were you aware de la soul are playing at the colly in july! remember you saying you liked them.
0	remembrance service was nice! now just pottering around town till 3rd service. to get new boots or not?
0	the girls surrendervegas on the 4th looked awesome..chck out splash dance tonight, voted best locals party!! why wouldn't u be there?!
0	iamaustinhealey ironman wales in september? fancy it? warm welcome from us welshies in tenby!
0	ahoy matey! did you enjoy international talk like a pirate day? celebrate it again with us this saturday at the museum!
0	gdonaldsonct new york gig would be great in december! hope it works out. see u tomorrow at kirby center!
0	wait, they (mysa) actually have a pretty good record at the 2nd largest tournament... the norway cup.
0	heading home to ireland with 17 golfers from my club on saturday staying at lough erne resort and off to dublin for some fun
0	adelaide fans of antonio carluccio can enjoy an intimate lunch with the celebrity chef this october.
0	margaaabeannn - going to enrole at college tomorrow (fingers crossed) and i have myself a j.o.b back at loaf so it's all goooood x
0	if you're stuck at work, keep your spirits going with "blaze of glory" by the alarm this glorious throwback thursday.
0	i had a lovely day at the great yorkshire show today with heather, such a shame that it is closed tomorrow :(
0	so excited to see what everyone comes up with! what to do with thanksgiving leftovers sunday... via nicolehcook
0	12 may; happy nurses day to all the nurses around the world.
0	it may be 2:30 but i finally got to watch the new batman sacrifices
0	found it! evanescence live rock im park in germany - were to have streamed live today, but they performed on friday.
0	symigoddess thanks! i can't wait for my tasting panel this afternoon. hope to have the reviews up on the mysa food blog by tomorrow.
0	with veteran day sun i want you to thank all the military people. we have the best son that gave over 20 years at...
0	simplysolids i'm hoping to make my last few xmas presents tomorrow too - make up bags made with summersville :-)
0	glinner's stage adaptation of the ladykillers is coming to the grand canal theatre in february.
0	wednesday at roskilde festival was the best experience in my life. i'm still very much blown away. everybody at...
0	for the 1st time in 30 years. for your splendiferous entertainment. arts in lechlade proudly presents an old...
0	nurses day - 12 may 2012. nursing: the heart beat of the health
0	musical awareness: great big beautiful tomorrow has an ending, now is the time does not
0	show your love for your local field &amp; it might win an award! gallagher park bedlington current 4th in national award
0	firecore can you tell me when an update for the apple tv 3rd gen becomes available? the missing update holds me back from buying appletv3
0	heavensbasement the crown, filthy mcnastys, katy dalys or the duke if york in belfast! can't wait to catch you guys tomorrow night!
0	w.o.w wednesday!marni lands this lumberjack vest for the ladies looking to bring a little tom boy toughness
0	karaotr you will appreciate this.. sunday brunch coffee: normal cup in b/g and then the bowl of java. yowza.
0	join me wed for a live webcast on cost optimization for it, for the smb crowd. &lt;&lt; send your questions in! dellwebcast
0	fatimasule that was the revelation i mentioned on sunday evening. i am still in abj. how are u &amp; where have u been again?
0	the audio booth is ready to blow the roof off the comcast center tomorrow! are you? mdmadness
0	just seen jonasbrothers at radio city and now get to see then again on the 28th!! so excited!!!
0	whos trying to go to buenos aires with me february 23rd? armin van buuren &amp; carl cox! ...how does it get better?!
0	trirob249 just bought tickets to see george groves and ricky burns fight in december, can't wait!!!
0	sam_snideman pacers looks like we'll be getting an extended look at gerald green, saturday. running w/ the starters in practice w/ dg out.
0	a rumor popped out about an eminem concert in kyiv this february. i wonder how true that is. i'm so going if it's true, though.
0	let's see whatcha got and you could win an ipad hd! submit your deep creek lake area photos before this wednesday,...
0	definitely wish i could catch this tomorrow night. dare night: lockdown summerworks at the gladstone hotel.
0	dad just said if obama wins on tuesday he is moving to cuba dontknowwhatyourtalkingbout butok
0	funding received from coe to organise national seminar on state of youth work in uk 15 &amp; 16 nov at dmu. inbox if u can add value to it
0	just because the sun isn't out doesn't mean you can't get your tan on ! come by hollywood tans and check out the specials !!!!
0	1st major league hr for jose iglesias extends the sox lead to 4-1 in the top of the 9th.
0	bullbeggar jan, i just spoke to joe zellner &amp; smb team, they are fine. we even had two couples who went ahead with their weddings today :).
0	i love robert griffin the 3rd !! :)
0	clintstoerner as heartbreaking as ole miss was, i can live with it. king_johnson33 put it down, and i can't wait to see him saturday! wps
0	djt103 - you know what the holidays alright went hilton hotel with the girls on sat had a laugh and that what about you
0	marteenhanna hi martina - am at st. patrick's tomorrow for 10:30 mass. hope to see you then.
0	calling hu students - if you need a job nascar bar and grill is hiring. group interviews wednesday and thursday at 6pm. go get that money.
0	tweetmesohard cannot wait to catch you guys lost horizon in 'cuse on sunday, back to where i saw you guys for the 1st time ever!
0	happy tuesday. your batting average is no worse than that of jose iglesias. hopefully that gets you through the day.
0	t45h_uhh i think you can get them there for 50...the after party at center stage should be cool, chelsea may have another ticket for sale
0	we are getting ready for a great bollyfit pro day tomorrow with our instructors!
0	gibson, bulls agree to 4-year, $38m extension: chicago bulls forward taj gibson said wednesday night he agreed t...
0	omg!!!!!!! slaughterhouse is gonna be dropping a mixtape with gangsta grillz sometime before august 28th!!!!! :d
0	excited for the colts game with my love, itsthegwebb41 sunday :)
0	[picture, translation] sina interview with hyung jun ^^video thanks to hyungjunthebestyoutube
0	matta doesn't know how to view being ranked 4th in the country and 3rd in the big ten, except the conference must be really good.
0	given the fact that today is the 8th of march and all over the world we celebrate the international women's day,...
0	this friday night! come on out and join us at tres amigos bar and grill for good food, good music, and just good...
1	dear microsoft the newooffice for mac is great and all, but no lync update? c'mon.
1	microsoft how about you make a system that doesn't eat my friggin discs. this is the 2nd time this has happened and i am so sick of it!
1	mikewolf1980 microsoft i will be downgrading and let windows10 be out for almost the 1st yr b4 trying it again. windows10fail
1	microsoft 2nd computer with same error!!! windows10fail guess we will shelve this until sp1!
1	after attempting a reinstall, it still bricks, says, "windows cannot finish installing," or somesuch. microsoft may have cost me $600.
1	did microsoft break windows 10? was working fine on wednesday but now i can't get passed the login screen without it freezing up.
1	for the 1st time skype has a "high startup impact" does anyone at microsoft have a clue? windows10fail
1	teens billgates 1st company failed miserably. when gates &amp; paulgallen tried to sell the product it wouldn't work nevergiveup microsoft
1	microsoft support for 365 has been terrible. on the phone for an hour then got dropped. so far not worth the headache. may ask for refund.
1	hey microsoft, i reserved my copy of windows 10 back in june, but i haven't been invited to download. any updates on the timeline?
1	eyesonfoxorg microsoft i'm still using vista on one &amp; win-7 on another, vista is a dinosaur, unfortunately i may use a free 10 with limits
1	microsoft is it normal that it takes hours to check the email name for creating an microsoft account? 2nd try!
1	after 75 minutes of being on hold with microsoft in india 1-800-936-5700 "adrian" wants to transfer my call again (3rd time) windows10fail
1	microsoft on hold with support for 52 minutes now. c'mon.
1	beyond frustrated with my xbox360 right now, and that as of june, microsoft doesn't support it. gotta find someone else to fix the drive.
1	microsoft heard you are a software company. why then is most of your software so bad that it has to be replaced by 3rd party apps?
1	microsoft windows daily windows updates suck! w/ all the $$$ and drones u have working 4 u, maybe u guys could get it right the 1st time?
1	call from "john" microsoft "hello, i'd like to look at your computer, over the phone" me:" ok, may i ask why your calling about my..(1/2)
1	i thought microsoft was retiring the lumia line to give way to surface mobile? i guess not.
1	microsoft using office 2013's bing dictionary. type in "bound." this is the 3rd picture they show me. wtf?...
1	i've just been told for the 5th time that my case number "will be escalated" to a level ii tech by microsofthelps microsoft windows
1	now i'm trying to get to microsofthelps microsoft windows support online for about the 5th time.m
1	spending the day on the phone with microsoft. this is not how i wanted to spend my sunday
1	microsoft microsofthelps for the 2nd time i have been charged for something i wasnt made aware of. person on the phone didn't care.
1	3rd rep just hung up on me. absolutely devastated at how microsoft's customer service treated me, wow.
1	microsoft may you please release versions of windows when its stable windows 10 is no where near stable!
1	no diff from microsoft with bitlocker =at some point, platforms should provide data at rest encryption built in
1	why does microsoft make it so hard to reset my skype password? ridiculous. still not sure why password stopped working in the 1st place!
1	microsoft ur company will give me my 500 pounds plus the cost of the laptop on monday for what u did to my laptop!
1	microsoft 3rd time my lumia handset submitted in service centre in last 8 months, no one is looking into it. need replacement of my 930
1	lumia lumia microsoft 2nd, you guys haven't released a lumia that has a qhd screen, or takes video in 2k resolution yet.
1	why would anyone want to form a metallica cover band? what is the upside-one day if they are lucky they may open for an ac/dc cover band?
1	red sox game i have tickets to tonight may get rained out, same with ac/dc concert tomorrow night. somebody give me some good news...
1	promised to take my niece to ac/dc tomorrow. soooo not in the mood now.
1	my grandma "despises" me going to see an ac/dc concert tomorrow
1	guy i'm working with probably disappointed that i don't care he's going to see ac/dc tomorrow
1	ac/dc is in toronto tomorrow and i can't believe i'm gonna miss it
1	a little worried about amazon. the collection was meant to go up on saturday but is still not available.
1	e-books in us: prices rise due to deal big 5 publishers with amazon, sales down 9.3% (jan-jun 15) /v michaelbhaskar
1	may all the items saved for later in your amazon basket increase in price moderncurses
1	aw man!my pre-ordered blu-ray copy from amazon doesn't get here until the 14th!i should have just gone to the store!
1	well one $99 amazon prime fiasco later my stuff for the game friday is guaranteed to be here thursday...i'm counting on u amazon!
1	amazon's refusal to integrate nicely with the android ecosystem may have been its undoing in the fire phone market.
1	author: if i've ever reviewed your book, grab a screen cap now! amazon may pull it down.
1	my amazon package was supposed to be delivered today by 8pm. guess that means i'll get it tomorrow before 8pm?
1	damnit amazon! when you say you're going to ship something on the 8th, i expect it to ship on the 8th!
1	amazonhelp you may please check my pending complaint with amazon for which i write many emails and called customer care.
1	monomirror jelly. mine won't be here until friday because amazon are tight with shipping dates :(.
1	vofescaflowne this is the exact reason why i don't preorder friday releases from amazon. they always push it back to the monday delivery.
1	amazon rainforest: lungs of the world has lost a 10th of its trees in 5 decades
1	trying to watch any given sunday on amazon prime and there's big chunks of the film cut out
1	heads up: an important change to amazon prime effective august 1 will limit how you can share free p... debtblag
1	i'm bummed with amazon prime right now. i ordered something and it was supposed to be delivered today, but it wasn't and i leave tomorrow :(
1	i'm kind of confused why my amazon prime stuff that shipped today isn't coming until the 19th-24th. that's certainly not two days.
1	"arriving tuesday" is decidedly the least prime my amazon prime shipping has ever been. wha happen?
1	the one time we want to use the amazon prime streaming and it's down... grrr ruined my sunday night! amazonuk
1	such a retard! somehow managed to get another trial for amazon prime and i've forgot to cancel it for a 2nd time
1	great, my cables have now been bumped from being delivered today to friday. thanks amazon prime, really feeling the worth here.
1	ordered 3 amazon prime items yesterday. one will arrive saturday (2 days!), another sunday (3 days?), the third on tuesday (5 days???).
1	yeah, i know it's sunday delivery &amp; whatnot - and who else does that?! - but my amazon prime package is 3 and a half hours late... so far...
1	finally broke down and got amazon prime and the delivery on my 1st purchase as a member is late. amazon i was expecting better.
1	amazon prime fucks me off so much, like you get really into something and then after like the 3rd season you have to pay. fuck off.
1	yes that's right bbc close down your best channel why don't you? you're not meant to be netflix or amazon prime.
1	amazon prime is literally a lie....i ordered a book last monday &amp; it still isn't here. do better amazon
1	amazon prime day is just like black friday if you only buy bulk protein powder and will-making software on black friday.
1	i was really excited for the amazon prime day sale, but everything is garbage. better than black friday my butt!
1	amazon prime day disappoints some shoppers: amazon prime day promised 24 hours with "more deals than black fri...
1	amazon prime day its better than black friday if you are into buying useless crap. this "sale" isn't worth having prime at all.
1	is it me ... or is the amazon prime day ... sucks . i have yet to find a great better than black friday deal! damn i was excited too!
1	this amazon prime day thing is just like black friday, if you ignore the part where amazon didn't put anything you want to buy on sale.
1	is it just me, or is amazon prime day less black friday and more your weird neighbor's garage sale?
1	amazon prime day disaster: 16 people who may never get over it: amazon prime day, despi...
1	amazon prime day is pretty much a bust at this point. black friday, its up to you to save us.
1	amazon prime day: what all the fuss is about: amazon's prime day promised massive deals rivaling black friday,...
1	&gt;gamergate is a hate group &gt;amazon prime day is going to be bigger than black friday what do these two things have in common....
1	amazon prime day is to black friday, as a root canal is to christmas day. the hype didn't live up to the delivery.
1	amazon prime day is a bust. this was going to replace black friday? now i feel justified in sleeping through "sales." amazonprimeday
1	where i truly believe amazon failed for their amazon prime day sale.... the moment they claimed it'd have "bigger deals than black friday"
1	amazon prime day beats black friday says retailer amazon prime day may have been an excuse for the retail...
1	granted, i'm comparing it to giving birth to our 2nd kid, but i'll add my "well, that was anti-climactic" to the pile re: amazon prime day.
1	well amazon prime day kind of sucked, didn't it? i was hoping for much more. "bigger than black friday," huh?
1	so amazon prime day got rained out right? cause there's no way those deals rival black friday deals. when's the rain date?
1	was the amazon prime day a big hit? well.. there's a primedayfail hashtag trending. at 5 our pricecbs8 reports on what may have gone wrong
1	amazon prime day... tried to be black friday but realized it was, in fact, born white. primedayfail
1	amazon prime day is the equivalent of drinking alone at home on a friday night.
1	amazon prime day is basically all the stuff that was left over on january 2, right? lame.
1	your turn: amazon prime day was supposed to put black friday shopping in the dust. but many say it's a garage...
1	we have finally discovered a day of the week worse than monday: amazon prime day. seriously, monday &gt; prime day. primeday primedayfail
1	if amazon prime day is "better than black friday" then i'm going to sleep in! should have been called amazon garage sale day!
1	after witnessing it, i now realize i've seen amazon prime day every saturday for years....we call them "garage sales"
1	so it turns out amazon prime day *did* turn out a lot like black friday--overhyped and not worth the time. bitteroldmantweet
1	amazon prime day? amazon scam day is more like it. more deals than black friday my ass!
1	it didn't live up to the "black friday" hype imo --&gt; amazon prime day leads to sales surge and consumer complaints
1	amazonhelp ordered pc parts on amazon prime day, one day shipping, haven't received my item yet. it is now monday. very dissatisfied.
1	does macleansmag still believe that ms. angela merkel is the "real leader of the free world"? (greeks may disagree
1	on another note, it seems greek pm tsipras married angela merkel to francois hollande on sunday happilyeverafter
1	by michael nienaber berlin, july 10 (reuters) - the parties in angela merkel's coalition government sent conflicting signals on the latest
1	moving video illustrates europe's refugee problem: angela merkel tells sobbing asylum seeker why she can't stay
1	angela merkel, explaining to a crying child that germany might just deport her.
1	wow, angela merkel tells sobbing asylum seeker why she cannot stay in germany (video):
1	this has just brought a tear to my eye: angela merkel tells sobbing asylum seeker why she cannot stay in germany
1	angela merkel tells sobbing teenage refugee slated for deportation that germany "just can't manage" to help everyone
1	angela merkel and a palestinian asylum seeker: get civilized islam! stop crowding our world with your barbaric ways.
1	nytimes what the world needs is for angela merkel to kick him in the nuts the 1st time trump calls anyone around the g8 table a loser.
1	angela merkel to run for 4th term....if this happens in africa, un, us, g7 etc will be planning to invade the country...hypocrites africa
1	cobbo3 and what did angela merkel say? she's going for a 4th term. germany is going to the dogs, right?
1	migration the real european crisis - angela merkel
1	angela merkel after 10yrs in power she is seeking a 4th term.let just imagine she was an african leader..
1	angela merkel may need as many refugees due to long penises from africa to record movies, etc ...these cultures do not belong in the eu.
1	illogical things are not democracy. after deutschen nazis accussing angela merkel in betrayal, she may crack them by police to be clear
1	may be get kthopkins to do us all a favour and sink the thing with a gunboat (leave angela merkel)
1	angela merkel's jackets: many colours but just one look
1	smith_rfkennedy nishelo why nobody have ever said it about any country outside africa? : why angela merkel ran again for a 3rd term?
1	dear german citizens any concerns or criticisms you may have over my actions mean you are xenophobic and racist. i win love angela merkel
1	angela merkel says border controls may have to be restored it's a pity she didn't listen before it was too late.
1	i should remember that i may not care what apple is announcing,but i do care about massive sf disruptions like apple bill graham. fb
1	i feel like i'll lose whatever "cool person" creds i may have had by saying this, but i honestly don't care about the apple event today.
1	come on win10 users, just to screw with apple's statistics let's stream their live event from the edge browser :)
1	oddly the apple event will stream to a edge browser but not to chrome
1	i'd call it plugins but apple calls it complications
1	this is even more depressing than the apple event.
1	with the news that apple watch sales may not be as healthy as cupertino claims, we look at how the numbers stack up
1	hooks looks like we may not have sapphire crystal on the apple watch
1	i really expected an apple watch to be a bit smarter than just telling me to stand up after i just sat down, only because it's 4:50pm.
1	"an interesting toy". looks like the the swatch ceo isn't a fan of the apple watch (via guardiantech)
1	paulmerse are you on drugs? you're deluded if you think arsenal will finish 3rd. i expected your spurs prediction. speaktofrank deluded
1	joshmccarthy_ welbeast lol moyes went from 1st to 7th and lvg went from 7th back to cl and they're the same level? only arsenal fans
1	jcuzzy1 fydsy footyml jimfish286 wolf_ticketslfc our true par is probably 5th behind arsenal. it might not be nice but it's the reality
1	giroudesque gabriel doesn't even make arsenal's 1st team, enough said.
1	ibster45 even if arsenal admits he's out 6 months, we're not making a major signing in jan... that's if we make any signings at.
1	first it turns out meek mill is an arsenal fan, now this. i'm finding a new club. this is a barcelona account now.
1	imagine: arsenal are on the verge of winning the league with their 17yr old, 24 goal, syrian hot-shot, flying. and he's deported in march.
1	i love ozil but how on earth is he the 1st choice corner-kick taker for both germany and arsenal? what the hell does he do in training??
1	unlucky wales. any news on the fitness of stoke's scrum-halfs ahead of their game against arsenal on saturday?
1	5 reasons why arsenal would be wasting time and money on simone zaza: arsenal have been linked with a january ...
1	hit me midway through the day that today isn't just 30th aniv of me being an arsenal fan: also exactly 6mths since we beat utd &amp; my dad died
1	nariahcfc against barca pre season stand out player 1st half.. i dunno what's going on with us atm frustrating to see us lose
1	can we just really piss madrid off and sell de gea to barca in january
1	anderjuanderful when managers/players make it a matter of their ego then things always go bad. that's his problem.. 2nd stint at barca e.g
1	shehroze_mufc we are 3rd same as bayern after rm and barca. why the fuck are you taking the name of that snake.
1	i hated tata martino in barca and i can't stand him coaching argentina! even though it's a friendly no reason to play 5 defenders in 1st 45
1	batman may be running better, but they have force disabled sli on the game. wbhomeent is a joke!!!
1	thank you rocksteadygames ! instead of beating up bad guys, batman is beating up my ps4. this is the 3rd time your game crashed my ps4.
1	curled up in bed watching batman cartoons, it's a terrible monday after all.
1	so the sims 4 seems borked, destiny won't download and i am at the bottom of a really boring shaft in batman. fuck you, tuesday. fuck. you.
1	not funny because it may be true and it certainly won't save your parents. but it is batman neauxpe crunchenhanced
1	as you may have guessed, i still can't get over fairhead being head of bbc. shows utter contempt for law &amp; british people. hsbcfraud
1	panorama was just a start. expect a tsunami of bbc bullshit if/when corbyn wins on saturday. jezwecan corbyn4leader jeremy4leader
1	alicenut1 that's just the tip of the iceberg. there's a tsunami of bbc bullshit heading your way if jc wins on saturday.
1	bbcr4today oh for goodness sake, bbc seems to want the gov't to allow terrorists free range to attack uk. may bbc hq be the 1st target!
1	hello, btls. every single one of you consumes bbc content even indirectly. stop whining.
1	greenslader also the detail that the bbc, reporting the later date on 2 september, simply assumed "us drone strike"
1	chris alexander's tv meltdown on pnp last wed. made the bbc's front page on-line. he blames media for lack of action on refugees. cdnpoli
1	callumringer_ edp24 and just wait for the bbc partnership to kick in. may as well rename eastern tory policies now
1	countryside alliance - a few people trying to control the bbc so that they can carry on abusing animals freely.
1	peter capaldi states the bbc has no substitute, well what's channel 4 you selfish parasite
1	bbcpolitics more propaganda from the bbc, they promote platforms of dissent, one day they may return to journalism, make the bbc a plc.
1	corbyn a desperate attack on jc today twitter. bbc, telegraph, sun, harpy known as mensch. hold on through the screaming for all our sakes!
1	any nfl fans tell me why this new bbc deal only includes highlights on tv from november? seems a bit late in the season. nfl
1	louise_glen bentley at the age of 16, fake boobs &amp; lips 17 &amp; ferrari for her 18th just annoys me she's famous for nothing
1	tanbiitches bitch you sucked dick you got more than a bumper sticker and you may have been a bentley but now you a prius
1	the hardest thing about tomorrow will be leaving bentley, but it'll be nice for my hands and feet since he's always chewing on them
1	just sat in bentley and watched a girl munch down on a whole bag of chips.. and i'm not talking about the tiny bags. she had family size.
1	think bernie sanders may be headed for an accident with gym equipment like the one that banged up harry reid? berniesanders hillary2016
1	_chrislovett calling up bernie sanders to just run as a lib and give us the option for a 3rd party bc these two suck.
1	...who just endorsed bernie sanders. sad, you guys.
1	damn i forgot to go off on bernie sanders supporters today. i guess i'll just hold off until tomorrow
1	folks may think i dislike beyonce. i don't... i am seriously not a hater. that woman works hard, buuut i just like diversity in my music.
1	so you have to have tidal to see beyonce performance? i'm sure somebody will upload it but tomorrow.
1	well strangers on the internet are calling me names on a saturday night at 1 am about beyonce so i'm done discussing her.
1	"beyonce outperforms mj" michael didn't look like he was trying to get rid of a wedgie while performing, but if you say so, jan.
1	i just feel like you can't stan for everybody underneath the sun and in the same breath call beyonce overrated. the irony.
1	i am real mad that the replay of saturday's made in america festival does not include beyonce. unhappy tidalhifi subscriber!!!
1	meanwhile its half past midnight and my neighbours are sat in the back singing bob marley songs ugh
1	this is for you ignorant fucks that think bob marley's birthday is on 4/20
1	i remember i was the only black kid in my class in 4th grade and we had a play about bob marley but i lost the lead role to a white girl lol
1	i used to have the dopest bob marley shirt for tomorrow but now it's gone:`(
1	i saw something hideous &amp; disgusting on the road side. broken &amp; long dead. it not sure, but it may have been bobby jindal's last scruple.
1	many reasons why askbobby is wrong: he's bobby jindal; he's gop; he's louisianan; he loves nra contributions &amp; gun. there may b others.
1	bobby jindal clearly has been spending too much time in the sun.
1	docthompsonshow skiplacombe did you see bobby jindal's comments on westborough church? no respect for 1st amendment maybe notthatguy
1	who is funding these chris christie ads? st jude couldn't get him the nomination. may as well be bobby jindal.
1	jindal: bush 'got it wrong' on immigration: louisiana gov. bobby jindal said wednesday he disagreed with com...
1	bobby jindal's goofy j looks like a patriotic bubble pipe i'd use as a kid on the fourth of july. gopclowncar
1	bobby jindal just proved he is not worthy of running for president of usa - he cancelled planned parentood in la.
1	theyoungturks cenkuygur help!! bobby jindal has just doomed louisana.
1	nhforum live: bobby jindal said 1st thing, he'd repeal o's executive orders (immigration, epa...) tcot pjnet ccot
1	bobby jindal wants to bring his harm to the entire nation as president he will never be.
1	bobby jindal why do you hate women? planned parenthood may be only access to reproductive health care. bobbyjindal standwithpp
1	bobby jindal misses cut for 1st prime-time prez debate: louisiana governor jindal ranked 13th in the standing...
1	bobby jindal does push-ups before republican debate: washington, aug 6 : bobby jindal may not have made the cu...
1	is fox news really fair and balanced? sometimes i wonder about that! 1st debate without bobby jindal.
1	it may be because i'm listening to the gopdebate on the radio, but bobby jindal sounds like kermit the frog. i like him though.
1	whoa. bobby jindal. get a new speech dude. that was word-for-word the same as the one this past monday. bobbyjindal foxnews gopdebate
1	bobby jindal wants you to assimilate to heritage of the old confederacy even though his parents are from january dot dot dot
1	what did bobby jindal say? wait...nooooooo! why do i get the feeling the gop pushed trump out 1st so the typical gop crazy will seem better?
1	"defund pp!" says bobby jindal, governor of the state with the 5th highest teen pregnancy rate in the nation... maybe no, bobby.
1	thepeoplesbacon maddow msnbc maddow was right. foxnews did a hit job on the 2nd tier candidates. not that i care about bobby jindal.
1	bobby jindal attacks hillary saying the democratic frontrunner may go to jail
1	louisiana gov. bobby jindal on wednesday mocked hillary clinton with a prison joke about the latest developments...
1	um...bobby jindal (&amp; scott walker) don't love america or its constitution--particularly the 14th amend eliasisquith
1	elbert guillory's using the n-word in his latest ad. also in la la land, mary cuts lose on bobby jindal
1	bobby jindal will repeal the 14th amendment this guy would crawl over his dead mother just to fuck his sister for a pencil he deport himself
1	marco rubio &amp; bobby jindal, both born to non-citizen parents call for revising the 14th amnd. republicans' brain is a nanometrology wonder.
1	philwilliamshq bobby jindal may care about planned parenthood but he's a crappy la. governor
1	shock of shocks, the posts about bobby jindal's birthright citizenship/"anchor baby" status are bullshit ( ...
1	bobby jindal comes off as a white supremacist with a sun tan.
1	" religious liberty" is defined as religion that bobby jindal &amp; huckabee approve of. read the constitution!
1	oh ya know just watching a documentary on the real jigsaw murderer before my 12th first time in hell! ( chelsea, wyd???????)
1	utdrantcast br_uk do you think chelsea deadline day bid was real or just spin by mufc to try and justify the fee? think it may be latter
1	no blues starting for england! sound for saturday, chelsea are getting fucked and jose knows it
1	with chelsea's poor start to the season it could be 3 points to the 'ammers on october 24th - and i'll be there to see it
1	dan_walsh18 c'mon bruh, you watch chelsea every week you aren't actually gonna tell me that oscar works harder due to tackles are you?
1	everton vs. chelsea so early on a saturday. these boys want to ruin my weekend. why lord.
1	889brilafm chelsea poor form is attributed 2 jose mounrinh as he kept faith wid jst d 1st eleven widout putin confidence in his subs. lhsc
1	really hope chelsea start baba instead of ivanovic on saturday, he's literally aged about 5 years over the summer
1	chris brown is going to be in atx on wednesday &amp; i'm so so sad i can't see my baby :/
1	damn near thinking about selling my ticket to chris brown show on the 19th
1	still in search of the really dayna santullo. she's been missing since she willingly passed on a chris brown concert on saturday
1	all the hoes will be out this saturday at the chris brown concert.
1	i'm gonna go to the fair on saturday while everyone is at chris brown lol
1	never in my life will i root for conor mcgregor. one day ... (and that day may never come) .. someone will demolish him. oneday ufc189
1	wretributionrp urijah faber agrees that his confrontation with conor mcgregor looked rigged: last friday, whi...
1	i'd rather let conor mcgregor full on kick me in the dick than go to work tomorrow
1	it seems that vitor belfort wasn't happy about taking a back-seat to conor mcgregor on friday
1	therealgokwan what i hate is when the sun brings out the men who think they look like david beckham but dont..put it away!!
1	why is the david beckham so positive about the england team, we are shite if we don't hit 8/9 on sat then that is disgraceful set of cretins
1	david beckham has expressed his desire to be the next james bond. he's a good look but his acting may be a deal breaker
1	shame on you david cameron for not opening britain's doors to refugees. people may not like it but it is your job to persuade them.
1	david cameron is an evil bastard, may karma catch up with him.
1	david cameron, theresa may - you turn you back on this - you shame us all. bri
1	.johnharris1969 brilliant on the refugee crisis, a test, and david cameron's bloody shameful failure.
1	david cameron's approach to the refugee crisis brings shame on us all. by pollytoynbee
1	david cameron is a disgrace. a migration free for all may not be the solution, but neither is turning a blind eye to it...
1	david cameron's statement on camera on thursday 03 september 2015: he will take in 'more' of the refugees: was he speaking to tv cameras?
1	is it the same david cameron posing before tv cameras on thursday posing fabricated words of compassion who also preaches race intolerance?
1	mean time david cameron is busy with thatchers death hmm
1	david cameron, the sun and the daily mail make me physically sick.
1	6 apr 2015 - david cameron tells 'fruitcakes loonies' - it's time to come home &gt; war is won
1	the sun, for people lacking brain cells and david cameron. pull the trigger
1	when david cameron wanted military action on syria he may have been supporting is as he was against assad
1	note to ids: david cameron may be your friend, but he is not right, and he's certainly not honourable.
1	david cameron is a disgusting liar. up to his neck in criminality working with corrupt undercover cops, theresa may covering his back. gchq
1	the vile penny pinching tories shame us all: david cameron's limp action on refugees puts britain outside the eu
1	another example of david cameron campaigning on one thin and then doing the exact opposite
1	callum_th i'm conflicted. i don't particularly like the sun or david cameron but i always enjoy a david bowie pun/reference.
1	david cameron u bloody moron f**k u how dare u kat in so many muslims? what the fuck u think u r?
1	authoritarian titmouse david cameron uses the same bullshit to justify drone murdering brits. potus is so proud:
1	every voter in scotland is being betrayed because david cameron and theresa may make all our msp's job impossible. gchq spies bbcdp pmqs
1	pathetic and misleading response by david cameron to danielzeichner's question on 6th form college funding. he obviously just doesn't care.
1	i'm going to digi tomorrow &amp; i'm so scared
1	bruhitszach thetimmyconnors rudanc itsnickbean edtertaining sorry i cant go to digi tomorrow, i really want to.. ill never meet you all
1	digi is tomorrow and im not going ):::
1	why is holly trying to guilt me into going to digi tomorrow night
1	if you see someone getting pummeled to the ground in digi tomorrow it'll be me chinning idkimgeordie cause she's a fucking cheeky cunt
1	i fucking went to disneyland today but they had a marathon going on and one entrance to the park. sat in traffic for almost 3 hours
1	we are waking up at 6 to go to disneyland tomorrow. wtf whyyyy it's not worth it
1	following the much publicized outbreak of measles that started in disneyland in california in december, vaccine exemptions have drawn
1	i just spent 5 min scrolling through donald trump's tweets. it is as though i have spent part of sunday visitng a parallel universe.
1	silver1110 it's easy if you're donald trump. "i'm the greatest! the rest are losers and 3rd rate!"
1	"i will be so good at the military, your head will spin." -some 4th grader who wants to be a general or donald trump, presidential candidate
1	prayer requests from sunday mass: "god, please allow donald trump to win the presidency, so that i will not be going to hell alone"
1	muayad sat through an entire republican ad on youtube and now he's calling donald trump daddy :///
1	donald trump may know business but i don't think anyone can fix our debt in 4 years and you can't sell the us
1	donald trump is that kid that runs for 7th grade student council that says he'll give everyone a day off from school as if he has authority
1	it's a sunday night and i just turned donald trump into an orc.
1	donald trump doesn't even know what the quds force is--much less name its leader. worth taking seriously, right?
1	donald trump is going to be in dallas on the 14th how do i make this not happen
1	"1st donald trump then kenye west? presidency isn't even about politics anymore it's a damn popularity contest these days..a joke" - my dad
1	he asked u donald trump same questions he'd asked carly just a few days before. she could anser them. you couldn't!
1	donald trump: i will be in d.c. on wednesday,1 pm, in front of the capitol, to protest the horrible &amp; incompetent deal being made with iran.
1	if the world doesn't end with the blood moon, and donald trump becomes president, i may need to do something drastic. like go into a coma.
1	nationaljournal dandrezner donald trump: born on 3rd base, but now believes that he hit a triple. friend of working man? no, he's a bum.
1	why can't the election be this november i don't want to hear about donald trump for another year
1	bbcnewsus can's jerry may find a spot on donald trump's team in the us! this guy is about at the same worse-than-awful level.should fit.
1	when donald trump called undocumented immigrants criminals and rapists he may have actually meant christopher columbus. the original.
1	tpm if the communist paulkrugmanblog likes donald trump, i may have to rethink things.
1	sure but you still clogging on donald trump's shrolong ding dong monday's through thursday's so relax
1	greentech media when donald trump inevitably becomes president and turns the white house into a mar-a-lago...
1	newser donald trump: i felt like i was in the military: donald trump may never have actually served in the mi...
1	i am ready to consider the possibility that donald trump holds a higher opinion of himself than the facts may, at times, warrant.
1	donald trump for president... because if the gop was going to be the butt of jokes anyway, they may as well embrace the roll.
1	tom brady supports donald trump. therefore he's gonna throw 4 pics and pull his hamstring on thursday night.
1	the democrat party may be finished if black americans are waking up to the reality of how donald trump shall...
1	once more us foreign policy messes up m. east by flirting with erdogan: turkey soon may be the new pakistan. thanks!
1	upi turkey's erdogan: peace with kurds "impossible": ed adamczykankara, turkey, july 28 (upi) -- turkish pres...
1	wait, people are surprised erdogan was covertly riding the isis tiger? that's just dumb.
1	erdogan: peace process with kurdish militants impossible
1	"erdogan is trying to achieve the result he failed to in the june 7 election in a political coup"
1	erdogan may be about to take his push for power to a whole new level, and is drawing u.s. and nato into his game
1	"erdogan is taking turkey to war to win an election. this may be the biggest miscalculation of his political career"
1	erdogan allowed isis to build a network of safe houses in turkey. he now may reap the reward.
1	turkey is pretending to fight isis but target kurds! erdogan wants to eliminated them like turkey did with armenians
1	i noticed erdogan standing in that mosque whilst the rest were kneeling. interesting snapshot is all i'm saying.
1	to erdogan, the prospect of an independent kurdish state is more frightening than rampaging islamists. pkk isis
1	durdurulan erdogan cannot be allowed to get away with what he is doing.he lost the june 7th election and now is seeking to undermine it all
1	eastmedmonitor richardcalhoun hamzaaktan if erdogan still thinks that turkey may join the eu, i think he might be dreaming. won't happen
1	obama's new book title: "40 years in the lap of erdogan: how i helped islamo-fascists kill innocent people"
1	not much mention of foreign policy in the gop ad tonight. wonder if any of them even know how to pronounce erdogan?
1	dlepeska timepdc dear david, i hope erdogan's mentors won't translate into the turkish ,otherwise he may use it against egpytian leader :)
1	turkeyreport pkk may revoke all plans of erdogan. for example, it can stop killing.
1	the road to erdogan's new sultanate is paved with blood:
1	a guardian article thinks erdogan is the prime minister of turkey &amp; apparently tr sees all kurds as a threat not pkk
1	breaking prophecy news: today, i present to you the 2 horns of the false prophet. yesterday friday, erdogan was...
1	significant part of the migration crisis is caused by turkey punishing europe for the cold shoulder given to erdogan
1	thansarayli bojanbb an erdogan hater wouldn't be an akp voter in the 1st place. especially when erdogan is out of the party now.
1	i'm of the opinion that there may be a military coup in turkey. there are similarities between erdogan &amp; menderes.
1	erdogan has waged war on the kurds to stir up the nationalist vote for his next snap election in november. yoursilenceiskillingkurds
1	so cynical of the electoral board to make preparations for snap polls on nov. 1 as pres. erdogan refuses to give gov-forming mandate to chp.
1	really not a good thing in the current regional context. erdogan's playing with fire
1	erdogan's gamble on bombing the kurds may backfire in coming election turkey
1	erdogan has drowned a country in blood for votes at the ballot box
1	ohiomail reuters i saw that the other day.maybe with more time on monday we can get more into it.. that damn erdogan! hope it blows up in
1	rconflictnews very possibly he is right. erdogan in low hours crises may have used isis to win nationalists votes attacking kurdish
1	even the security forces do not want this war on kurds. erdogan is a brutal dictator in the making.
1	erdogan "knows that the dec. 17 and 25 corruption operations hang like a sword of damocles"
1	mwforhr ..as the 1st november election nears erdogan may dither &amp; push us to do this difficult task &amp; take the blame
1	anyone up for an internet pool on when the russian pilots shoot down the 1st turkish aircraft? erdogan, may wimp out &amp; ground his aircraft.
1	recep tayyip erdogan's gamble may not solve turkey poll impasse: less than five months after the last legislat...
1	erdogan wants to silence critical media ahead of the november elections. nickkristof
1	peterclifford1 i have not read the links yet, will do. agree erdogan is problem, turkish people not stupid. may not last til election.
1	it is reality that isis are on the march in turkey and erdogan can't wait to receive them with open arms
1	pkkurd sarahleah1 pkk broke the truce july 15 by a declaration and then murdering policemen but erdogan is warmonger. yeah right
1	award winning yavuzbaydar is accused of "insulting erdogan" he may face up to 5.5 years in prison. shame on turkey
1	erdogan is bringing the country to disaster. hope turkish voters will be able to disavow his crazy policies on 1 nov.
1	hard to be excited about eric church at wefest for the 3rd time in 5 years. does literally no one else want to headline?!
1	yo, if you paid $57-$77 to go see eric church at the state fair...may the lord have mercy on your souls.
1	i have till thursday to know every damn word to every damn song eric church is going to sing
1	whoever is going to see eric church's like a wrecking ball live this saturday i hate you
1	i out of 11 breakpts converted-not nearly good enough by federer at usopen2015 . c'mon, deliciano, you can beat novak- believe !
1	disappointing end to the match for isner. would've liked to see a 3rd set tiebreak but federer is a robot. he's ridiculous.
1	can't listen to fleetwood mac's "not that funny" without feeling like it's being sung by a petulant 6th grader.
1	i've just bought the new fleetwood mac sat-nav. it's not very good. just says "you can go your own way."
1	fleetwouldmac over critical of fleetwood mac, he may have been a little bias and edited some things out... just a theory :d
1	brothers off to ibiza tomorrow and he's currently in the kitchen listening to fleetwood mac, fucking loser hahahah
1	samsung samsungmobileus this is my 3rd galaxy note 4 and still glitchy i have to restart it about 3 times a day. what happened to quality?
1	take note: putting stylus back in galaxy note 5 may break the phone read more at:
1	if you put the samsung s-pen stylus in the galaxy note 5 the wrong way you may break the pen and possibly ... ff
1	game of thrones season 5 for free may seem too good to be true, but that's only cause it is. my day went back to being terrible.
1	i'm so frustrated with game of thrones and i'm only on the 10th episode
1	one of my favorite characters on game of thrones just died i can't go to school tomorrow i'm grieving
1	everytime i reread/re watch game of thrones, ned starks death at the end of the 1st book/season is the most depressing. got
1	watching the 1st series of game of thrones is bringing back painful memories
1	ataboutaround notsccolumbus had cpl 10-3 seasns but c'mon now,doesnt take a genius to google how bad you guys were.osu never been that bad
1	tonifoxx angelia_savage lol - 1st off it'd be wah-zee. israeli start up - dev in '08...sold to google maps in '12 for $1.1bil. sonotfair
1	the wildest lie i told a chick when i loved in atl i told her i just got drafted to the falcons in the 6th round before google was poppin
1	hughrundle parody_bit edrabinski hadn't read the full thread on 1st reply. i forgot people might not know google isn't live results.
1	i think google may be worried that if they allow people just to add sites on google now, then people will use it like google reader.
1	that moment when you think google search ads for that distortion pedal showed up on your twitter feed. nope.
1	google forgot second page, as well forgot many things. the fax. and a bunch of other things. told work to expect it on friday
1	mrmandolino xd my brain may be a little wounded from translating google translate. or a lack of nourishment... one or the other 8d
1	insidetimeuk was having trouble yesterday downloading septembers edition using google? loads the 1st page then crashes?
1	express bus to downtown fort lauderdale may be cut: it looks like the end of the road for express bus s... google
1	"vic has a bias for action. he may need to do more work on strategy." inside the failure of google+: via mashable
1	icymi: the 'failure' of google+: a round-up of interesting technology-related links you may have missed over t...
1	if they ban all p0rn in india, chrome's incognito window may be the next thing to die after google+.
1	and just when i had a few nice things to say about google+ in my 2nd edition, i've gotta omit it entirely. much like google's doing.
1	they have google+ why would they want this shit show.
1	if it's not a "larry-sized problem," then why did he pour so much money and resources into google+?
1	ifics honestly- do you actually remember a youtube update that didn't make things worse? well, the upcoming google+ decouple may count.
1	few people understand names - google+ may have failed because of it. adamshostack
1	it looks like google+ may be on its way out. we can only watch and see over the next few months. it never took off...
1	it's friday and i still don't have google+, ross posted my latest video on reddit, you can post your comment and discuss it here.
1	(part i) dead network walking: why google+ may be on its way out: google is phasing out many of the capabiliti...
1	i may dislike like facebook, but i fucking hate google+ with an unholy passion. what an ugly unintuitive interface.
1	twitter on sunday in nz is a fucking hellmouth of talking about awful shitty reality tv - i'll just watch this grateful dead doc oldmaneady
1	the grateful dead may have laced a tv crew's coffee with lsd. let's look at the tape!
1	after a disappointing end to the 3rd season of oitnb, now to see what hannibal is all about.
1	according to my dvr, the penultimate episode of hannibal is just the 4th quarter of a nfl preseason game. i could eat a face.
1	i thought i had enough strength for the hannibal finale. tomorrow is lost.
1	eattherudecast i think it's hannibal and clarice on the run together, which i loathed, but bryan's talk of an "inversion" may make it work
1	hannibal's 3rd season feels like it became more and more a parody of itself.
1	bit concerned my brother hasn't read the facebook message i sent him asking him to bring me the last 2 episodes of hannibal tomorrow.
1	sorry, harper, but for once just take the blame. nats' blew the game.
1	lawson890 adamrubinespn msimonespn ynscspds goldschimdt? for leading a last place team? harper? may not even make the playoffs lol
1	what a tool joelsherman1 is once again - fans leaving in the 7th inning in washington today is brutal.period. no reason to go after harper.
1	but hey, if you're mad at harper, go to the game tomorrow and tell him how you feel for all 9 innings
1	choosing to read the transcript of the interview mansbridge did with harper due to the extreme 2nd hand embarrassment i'm bound to endure
1	bruceanderson i feel it is 2nd rate. mansbridge doesn't point out when harper's not answering the question. debaters would do that.
1	newbsradio let's go easy on the pigs. i just can't stand the sight of harper. it's the 21st century...can't we teach robots to love?
1	cbcpolitics harper the cpc are going to become a 3rd place party because of your reckless leadership stopharper cdnpoli elxn42
1	harper, you may not think justin's ready, but urine over your head.
1	news in the dmv: commuters face "terrible traffic tuesday"; 6 shot, 1 fatally, in 2 dc shootings; hot, 93; nats lose, harper calls out fans
1	news957 harper &amp; cabal insult the intelligence of canadians on a daily basis. tired of all the lies &amp; spin. roll on oct 19th! auditthispos
1	of many single issue reasons to reject harper. this is one. imagine the cost of removing all that concrete. elxn42
1	does harper even realize there in 3rd place! talk about burying you head in the sand... stay the course... of lies and deceit! cdnpoli
1	cbcnews trudeau may do better if he attacked the ndp, no need to waste time on harper the media is 24/7 with the anti harper narrative
1	new election laws crreated by cpc makes it difficult to vote against harper even w/ 70% of voters against harper, he may still win fixed
1	so harper is blaming del mar racing another meet for the summer meet's struggle. never change california racing.
1	cpc polling 3rd. hate polls but i want to believe this. as individual cpc candidates come to realize that harper is drag to them, distnce?
1	picardonhealth jdvorkin yellow journalism. but you know? this may be harper's waterloo
1	harper's new ad i am who i am not perfect but depend on me for economy harper slip sliding down the polls-3rd we know who you are scares us
1	shauncore he could, but harper has been a freak all year, and votto's 1st half wasn't amazing.
1	shame all the fans that stuck around to see a six run lead blown and harper make an out for the 8th time in two games. nationals
1	tedstarkey even a successful bunt puts us right they are now 1st and 2nd 1 out after the ibb to harper. so dumb.
1	kennyherzog in this series the nationals may have lost the division and harper may have lost the mvp.
1	tarekfatah mulcair, trudeau and may are all weaklings just like harper. mulcair must dubious and dangerous of bunch. apologist for isis.
1	armed with the tools of power &amp; intimidation harper is trying to steal our country. on october 19th, armed with pencils let's take it back.
1	harper:ndp or liberal govt possible harper's spirit broken tired of so much hate against him of his own making given up the ghost peace mon
1	albertarabbit journey to isis. harper is a dangerous man. for all our sake i hope he goes. ours is early nov but i can vote during ++
1	halfstreetheart the "harper doesn't hustle" narrative was born, and will endure, b/c of one dumb decision matty's 1st month on the job
1	ctv report harper's troubled campaign may result in the dumping of his campaign manager jenni byrne cdnpoli elxn42
1	you'd think i'd be prepared for all the anguish when reading the harry potter books all over again for the 10th time. right? like fuck.
1	the pacing for the 4th harry potter movie was so ridiculously off and it ruined the entire movie.
1	itzyourboy_ if you think harry potter is better ur not gunna survive as an adult lol honestly though when i went to logan 3rd was the best
1	everytime i watch the 4th harry potter, a part of me still thinks that maybe cedric will return to the port-key... but he never does *cries*
1	we're sat by the thames and orally retelling harry potter and the philosophers stone. i am the worst at this game.
1	i lost the 7th harry potter book.... i'm legit crying now this is my childhood
1	zinedinehimovic you're floyd may weather and i'm 50 cent don't make me force you to read full sentences from harry potter
1	seanmdav hillary's aides say alot of things - except the one taking the 5th. hillary2016
1	realdonaldtrump may not be my first choice for president, but i'm voting for him if he's nominated. at least he's better than hillary
1	hillary whacker michaelsschmidt rehashes the same article he wrote 6 weeks ago. not one new fact in sept 7 piece.
1	obama and hillary may have used benghazi lie to win his last election but the benghazi truth will lose hillary's
1	this will be the 3rd "revamp" of hillary's campaign. her numbers tank each time. she just sucks at campaigning in the new media world.
1	rufuskings1776 this must be the 20th time this old advice to hillary has been recycled as "news." she is who she is. that's her problem.
1	conmanbo laurarubin7 realdonaldtrump . maybe he realizes hillary is a liar and bernie may take his hard earned millions.
1	slone people are no longer in the dark, sm has changed the political landscape forever! hillary can't hide anymore
1	hillary's campaign now reset for the 4th time. adding humor and heart to a person that has neither sadtrombone
1	ibadpoulette remember how nyt aided bush's march to iraq war? they need to be truthful &amp; they haven't with hillary.
1	u know hillary is panicking when chelsea clinton will be speaking at the amy schumer show in boston this friday.
1	this may or may not be true but it doesn't change the fact that hillary violated the law katrinanation
1	hillary gets emotional over talking about her mother - tomorrow morningjoe will call her a fake. abc
1	tbridis this why people don't believe anything hillary say this person will soon take the 5th
1	abcpolitics abc davidmuir omgosh! hillary still using her deceased mom as a prop to save herself from her own lies. ~may she rip.
1	hillary apologizes the way kardashians wed--several times in quick succession &amp; never sincerely.
1	to look less guilty hillary requests staffers to not plead the 5th,but use 2nd &amp; 3rd together. by: weknowwhatsbest
1	hillary looks as comfortable dancing with a child as she is coming out of the closet.
1	hillary will not make history as 1st female pres. she'll make history by being 1st pres candidate to be indicted on criminal charges.
1	davidrook or hillary or sanders. we may have to rethink this whole democracy thing if someone does not step up after the pre-season. :d
1	hillary just may be that stupid, look at some of her track record screw ups. history tells it all.
1	kevininabq also, hillary may begin to give the perception that perhaps she may tend to allow herself to be portrayed as less than accurate.
1	foxandfriends hillary is sorry now that she may be facing criminal charges for what they found in her email
1	remember hillary denied a server existed ever day ! a liar for president like obama this country will not survive
1	realjameswoods i hear that hillary's authenticity czar is going on the sunday shows.
1	wait. people claim hillary is showing her humanity because she chokes up talking about her dead mother? that may be the lowest bar ever.
1	did anyone see hillary's server boy actually plead the 5th or did his lawyers only do this in the media? tgowdysc greta zerohedge
1	outnumberedfnc ainsleyearhardt hillary's 1st tele news explan "the server i used was set up by the secret service 4 the pres" y 4gotten???
1	secret service was at my house for hillary's visit tomorrow. quote of the day from one: "if you see the agents start to run - you run too".
1	omg people, we may not like hillary, but wtf, leave the kid out of it
1	bryan_mays chaddukes the ceo of ibm may think someone is an idiot but he can't say it.
1	by tanya agrawal july 21 (reuters) - weak results from ibm and united technologies weighed on the dow and the s&amp;p 500 while the nasdaq
1	ibm warns corporate use of tor will leave networks open to attack: 25 aug 2015. jason murdock the use of the t...
1	failing ibm services ruining my saturday. 10 minute test going on almost 3 hours now. and i am mildly hungover and tired...
1	believe it or don't, but this version of informix isn't supported by anyone anymore. i don't even know whether ibm or sun own this thing
1	whenever i see an ad for ibm, i think about how they helped nazi germany to organize concentration camp proceedures.
1	you broke asses better donate tomorrow if you go to ihop and leave me a tip
1	putting in my 2 weeks at ihop tomorrow but probably gonna get fired for it bc my manager is insane. oh well.
1	jimmie_vanagon my phone does not run on latest ios which may account for problem the other day .. time it was replaced
1	deltaassist yes, i asked an attendant to print out a paper pass. but this was not the 1st time delta ios app lost my login info. annoying.
1	lost my ipad for the 2nd time today
1	are yall really mad that he's paying $200 to fix a broken ipad, don't yall have bigger problems to deal with
1	when you have 3 1/2 tests tomorrow and a lab to do but your ipad is dead so you can't do shit :):):):):):)
1	accidentally left ipad sitting in the sun too long. had to stash her in the freezer to cool down whoops straya
1	my dad just dramatically got upset at me for no reason but i was getting an ipad tomorrow so now what
1	pausing on this day of my 31st year to yell at my ipad because pandora refuses to play the carpenters' superstar.
1	did he just spoil the ipad pro?
1	i turn 30 soon &amp; a friend went missing on a tuesday nite, the other who has his iphone doesn't know how to use it, &amp; i wasn't even there
1	why would you waste a good ipod like this...idiots...idiots
1	still can't get my ipod 3rd gen shuffle to change songs cos of the usb not recognized error 43 shit. does this mean i need new usb cable?
1	h. i'm going to make a twitter to use on my ipod at school/work tomorrow bc this fucks up my notifs
1	1st day back at work after a terrible week off and i've forgotten my ipod, security pass and lunch! mondaydaze cancelmonday
1	does anyone know how to get around a disabled 5th gen ipod without putting it into recovery mode?
1	tbt when i got my ipod stolen in 8th grade and i was only upset bc i thought whoever stole it was gonna leak the lesbian porn i had on it
1	my 4s is out of data till the 10th and can't connect to wifi anymore, i have an ipod now
1	just synced saturday's live set on my ipod. time to pick up fragments of my memories together and cry on the train...
1	yall i got my ipod taken in 3rd period because i forgot to turn my volume down and i got a notif about army selca day
1	also, my fucking ipod got stolen at snipes &amp; the only thing i can't let go of is the music. take the 1st gen ipod, just want my jamz back
1	'sometimes you're just better off dead, there's a gun in your hand that's pointing to your head...' wednesday's ipod selection
1	landofsteve haven't listened all morning, wed is an ipod day, besides don't want to hear about astros choke job
1	another nail in the coffin to jay-z failure 'tidal' as cash money sues for $50m over lil wanker's album markdice
1	dear ppl who attribute vocal fry trend to britney &amp; kim k: have you ever heard jay-z talk?
1	jay-z stole his whole 2nd verse from "99 problems" from bun b in the ugk song "touched". come on y'all listen to old hip hop.
1	people celebrity tidal is a satanic illuminati plan to make more $$$ jay-z, beyonce, ...
1	jay-z make time for bey.. the president make time for the 1st lady. so where are you so busy at again?
1	insanityreport rodimusprime there's no middle ground with her though. her jay-z insights used to veer off into the 3rd testicle range
1	just to see a bitch that looks like jay-z? got me fucked up on the 7th level of hell.
1	what's stopping jay-z, puffy, 50 cent, lil wayne from doing the same if they haven't already? totalmusicsnobs
1	.jimmyfallon i think you should get .taylorswift13 as guest against colberts 1st show. he starts with jeb bush really? baddecisions
1	.stephenathome baddecisions you make me not want to watch your show(s) by having jeb bush as 1st show guest cbs juliechen nocolbert
1	jeb bush's ad blitz begins sept 15th in the early primary states. no poll movement by october? donors might squirm.
1	.olivianuzzi eric cantor, who evidently wants jeb bush to lose the nomination, will endorse jeb bush on thursday
1	hillary upset biden may run; jeb bush upset trump is leading in the polls; both had family in the w.h. both feeling entitled to be next
1	realdonaldtrump we need to terminate this horrible deal with iran on the very 1st day in office, but jeb bush refuses! end of discussion ..
1	will ted cruz, jeb bush, and all the top ten who swore to support the gop primary winner.....do it. looks like they may end with trump! ha
1	realdonaldtrump jebbush jeb bush dug himself a deep hole with his "act of love" comment.if he was +3% yesterday, he will be -3% tomorrow
1	omg a trump supporter on cnn just suggested that jeb bush may have low testosterone which is why he's low energy.
1	jeb bush is an utter failure should drop out now as he is in 10th place
1	what i don't get is why donors would fill jeb bush's coffers! there is a frightening division in the republican party that may end in loss!
1	john kasich may is just jeb bush from the a different state. he's a mealy mouthed squish.
1	andreatantaros jeb bush appears to be afraid of something. probably the truth and trump may be able to help him out.
1	turns out that annointing jeb bush the default establishment candidate may have been premature? you don't say.
1	donald trump may criticize jeb bush all he wishes, but he isn't able to call jeb bush, nor his supporters, racist like the donald is.
1	jeb bush may have got himself into a bit of a mess. the presidential candidate, who will appear on the first ...
1	haha jeb bush is such a bore the guy in the background of this vid could totally not give a shit about this dirtbag.
1	if jeb bush wins by some far chance the flood gate will be really opened and our 1st language will be spanish
1	jeb bush should speak english only as it encourages esl /we should be honoring this country - not making it into a 3rd world one!
1	daveweigel jeb bush probably knows and he'd probably get us into a 3rd iraq invasion. knows lots of little facts, learns nothing.
1	oann 1/2 i can't believe i'm defending jeb bush but here goes... 1st: no official language here in the united states of america.
1	greta when you talk about ben carson please show him, not jeb bush like you did on your thurs. show.
1	just minutes after jeb bush bashed donald trump in his stump speech on thursday, bush was questioned by a frustrated voter on what he
1	jeb bush pretending he's a co front runner but he's in 4th place and carly fioriana bragging how she's in 2nd place in 2 states. losers.
1	thefive c'mon greggutfeld! if anybody needs your harsh advice , it would be your friend jeb bush! donaldtrump does a heck of a lot better
1	the force was not with him when jeb bush tried to get social on forcefriday marketing millennials
1	a day after taking steps to warm relations with hispanics, donald j. trump may have taken a step backward when he suggested that jeb bush
1	jeb bush attacking donald trump in spanish seems like the 2nd act of a greek tragedy where your efforts to avoid the prophecy make it happen
1	former florida gov. jeb bush said thursday that his chief opponent, front-runner donald trump, is "trying to insult his way" to the white
1	jeb bush may have lots of cash and great political organization but don't compare him to romney. he doesn't have the moxie needed today!
1	old_baldfat_guy a3auntie all the beverly hillbilly cast, granny hillary, jeb bush, jethro boehner, eli may ?, banker barak.
1	rgentle8 no idea sorry! just kno pundits say trump will prob. lose popularity later as he has little policy. poss jeb bush may get rep nom?
1	michelebachmann why no mention that jeb bush sat on the board of the fraudster's fake company? nice try dumbass.
1	ha ha ha... jeb bush said he didn't need the base to win and he was going to prove it. but single digit 4th place in nh may be result
1	jeb bush releasing tax reform plan tomorrow, trump will say it is stupid, bush a moron. his plan: make america great &amp; put on top again,
1	four hard questions to ask about jeb bush's tax plan: jeb bush's tax plan is coming out wednesday. expect the usual soaring language ...
1	refusing to own a gun may cost jeb bush dearly: crime is out of control in america. bush going unarmed will ma...
1	c'mon joe biden. you really don't want to be president. stop thinking with your ego and start thinking about the party and the people.
1	the continued attacks on the 2nd amendment will continue if america is foolish enough to ever elect joe biden for potus (obama's 3rd term).
1	joe biden for presient? really? he may be a nice guy, but the man is a buffoon.
1	dear journalists, please quit with the joe biden stories &amp; speculation. he's not even our 3rd choice. sincerely, democrats everywhere.
1	jennifershutt politico mkraju "bennet later dodged a question about the possibility of a joe biden run", 4th down eh? ur all hypocrites!
1	chinese_surfer cnnpolitics outfrontcnn 1st, clinton is the worst debater. 2nd, have you ever heard joe biden open his mouth? hes a clown!
1	"joe biden may join bernie sanders in the democrat primary... i thought the democrats were opposed to fossil fools!" ~ emily zanotti,
1	triple traffic threat: dragoncon. thursday 7:30, falcons game, georgia tech game, and joe biden on the downtown connector.
1	joe biden wants to sit in on the hearings to watch hillary's it patsy take the 5th.
1	joe biden is not going to run for president. he may even resign as vice president before term ends.
1	ga tech game, falcons game, joe biden in town, dragon con, labor day traffic, rain traffic..i may just stay the night where im at fuck it.
1	isbpl: news joe biden's wife may share his misgivings about another race: jill biden campaigned actively for ...
1	joe biden may not have the "emotional energy" to run for prez but no problem with the energy level necessary for vp job? mtp cnnpolitics
1	joe biden sat on his hands all this time never disagreeing with o.too late joe. u blew it.
1	this is starting to feel like less like a petting zoo &amp; more like jurassic park. ~me at the strip club for lunch on a wednesday
1	one of the summer's biggest questions: when did we start acting like jurassic park was an all time classic and not 2nd tier spielberg?
1	so i've found at least 3 different typos in jurassic park since i started reading it. c'mon how long has this book been out?
1	im so bored i dont want to watch jurassic park for the hundredth time, i just want it to fucking be sunday already..
1	sitting here watching jurassic park: the lost world and remembering why the 1st one is my favorite. ishouldjustwatchthat
1	i'm all for exploring but this look like the island from jurassic park lll i may have to skip
1	fuck a saturday class i just wanna go home and play with our squirrel and watch jurassic park
1	fuck me i took so long to watch jurassic park and kept pausing it and then i sat on the remote and it changed channels and now its live tv
1	stayed up late to watch jurassic world and i just remembered i have a football match tomorrow morning :/
1	i have the worst urge to watch jurassic world for the 4th time in theaters someone make it stop
1	we tried to watch jurassic world and watched like an 8th and the internet died on us :(
1	sat through jurassic world w/ a screaming baby in my ear + a 6 year old climbing up the back of my chair. ruined my experience amctheatres
1	greggibson86 landoncreynolds tru....i may still need to glance it...because jurassic world straight sucked
1	ameliamangan plus i may have hurt the feelings of jurassic world's director!
1	der_lemke yeah i loved the 1st film and book. was disappointed with jurassic world (but i seem to be in a minority)
1	i don't see why justin thinks it's okay to work tuesday's.. it's fall were supposed to get $1 burgers at bar louie and blackout
1	sassygaycallie i'll share 1st. i don't care for c-lud because of her weird crush on justin and how sorority girl she comes across. ur turn!
1	justinlarson34 justin, i think you got that backwards. see my sep 3 post on obamanomics outpacing daugaardonomics:
1	justin is lost in the 1st minute. no experience elxn42
1	i'm going to fight justin tomorrow during lunch idc idc dc
1	when the *nsync account tweets "tomorrow night they're together again," i want the "they're" to be *nsync. not justin and jimmy.
1	probably going to complain another 20 times today about how justin performs on the today show tomorrow when i start school
1	i need to see justin tomorrow at the today show but i can't skip class :(
1	it's justin's funeral tomorrow, it was a pleasure to have known and worked with such a great racer. rip badass
1	i really wish i didn't have work or school tomorrow bc i'd so be in the city to see justin right now fuck my life
1	87 years of italian serie a history produced a first for juventus on sunday: they lost at home on the opening day of the season
1	mast84 how much more? (to be clear i hate juventus) but this move doesn't make sense. they may offer 40 million to reach a deal so quickly
1	consult a dr. if you will watch the 2nd half of swansea vs manutd over roma vs juventus match 7:00
1	only going by the latest game stats but think i may have made a mistake backing juventus
1	as things stand, the bottom 3 in serie a are bologna (18th), empoli (19th); and juventus (20th).
1	this is very bad for juventus. lose in the 1st &amp; 2nd gionarta? something wrong with formation i think.. miss pirlo, tevez &amp; vidal already :(
1	de rossi believes juventus may struggle to cope this season as he does not think they have adequately replaced tevez, pirlo or vidal
1	morningmika what was the reason u did not ask questions in the kerry interview sat in silence when u speak it is only to mock the right
1	stephengutowski iran may regret it. but only if it happens under a gop president after obama and kerry are gone.
1	obama's agenda was 2 destroy american exceptionalism &amp; kerry is just dumb. what language does iran speak? we may need 2 learn it tcot ccot
1	gulfwarvet123 oceanbcake never have, never will; scumbag mbh lowlife pos maybe, but never pres. i hope the 1st iran nuke hits him &amp; kerry.
1	no, sam. the "we" in kerry's statement is unhcr, not the us government. important distinction.
1	never been a kerry fan but may they hammer 7 shites into dublin and wipe the smile off their smug little faces!
1	kerry now starts begging iran to release american hostages, iranians laughing all the way to the bomb. sunday morning futures foxnews
1	kremlin support of assad regime may lead to possible"confrontation" with us led coalition:kerry raaf rodgershanahan
1	talk2cleo kerrymacuska that's right, ladies. i'm blaming everything on kerry. cleo this show may well eclipse the numbers of jakeneedham
1	tigonisyesis chriscoon4 actforamerica may i ask, have you read the bill, including the provisions that neither congress nor kerry saw?
1	kgullic i think everyone is having trouble with it by the sounds of it kerry. c'mon support sort it out please
1	offtheball went to qf with kerry lad who before game hoped that dubs would not beat kerry by a cricket score. game over in 1st 10 mins cute
1	big rally tomorrow, again it looks like too little, too late. where was everyone before kerry and obama f'ed up?
1	augustine25 billkristol we may elect to forget famous iran contra then under bush till he declared axis of evil every one failed kerry did
1	americans taken hostage by iran houthis back in march ..kerry kept it quiet while iran deal was being negotiated so americans would approve
1	turns out watching the kurt cobain doco when feeling edgy on an oppressively rainy sunday wasn't a great choice. someone bring kittens.
1	itsrobotface do not watch the kurt cobain doccie. just don't. self portrait, the cult of jg leroy, virunga &amp; they will have to kill us 1st
1	i think on some day's may the spirt of kurt cobain be with me so i dont bitch slap everyone
1	smells like teen spirit playing between the top and bottom of the 10th. probably not what kurt cobain had in mind.
1	nirvana was scheduled to headline lollapalooza in 1994 but dropped out on april 7th. kurt cobain's dead body was found the next day.
1	according to rolling stone, kurt cobain is the 12th greatest guitarist of all time... somebody actually thinks this and it hurts me.
1	kurt cobain solo is not nirvana! nirvana is a four-piece! how dare you!? ;)
1	i'd say i want to be like kurt cobain but i can't bear the thought of living till i'm 27. blow my head off with a shotgun tomorrow.
1	alabama state troopers investigated seven fatal traffic crashes that resulted in nine deaths during the labor day holiday from fri. to mon.
1	market watch: nymex crude oil prices slipped going into labor day -
1	memoriesagb that's last weeks chart, this week's chart is coming tomorrow. they didn't post it today because of labor day.
1	only just realizing it's fucking tuesday. labor day, you have messed up my streaming schedule! &gt;:o
1	sistingrays stevenmatteo monday was the labor day holiday. we are catching up with the 11,000 tons of trash that didn't get picked up.
1	sbybuzz: this labor day weekend, violence continued in the district. tuesday morning, public officials commented:
1	i went to class with no paper on monday so i had to write the notes inside my book.. that's why there shouldn't be class on labor day
1	lexus just told by motorworldlexus no loaner car until the 27th great lexus experience.definitely not the expectation that was set at sale
1	photo: someone fired a few shots in the 1400 block of pollock street on wednesday night. lexus took a...
1	directvservice that lexus commercial froze up my sat box again. what is going on?
1	sound like lexus i'll believe it when i see it
1	lexus said it may be 2-3 more months before i can take my car to the dealer for the recall on fixing the...
1	the thing about being older is that when i see people like miley dressing the way she does, all i think is "meh, madonna did it 1st."
1	musikate catawu cmbsweden verge sorry her shenanigans eclipse any real talent she may have..at least madonna was strategic w/shenanigans
1	thr she has the right to disagree. i hate madonna! but don't think she should be stopped singing her shitty songs. 1st amendment, bro!
1	holyqueenofpop the_mdna_world the poor things are so jaded! nobody cares about gags, madonna is going to shit on her premiere tomorrow!
1	oh! so bummed nyhiltonmidtown has no rooms avail on the 16th! where the heck am i supposed to stay when i see madonna?
1	shockadelicaa just until the 17th or some shit. i don't want to see madonna spoilers.
1	b texted me and told me that she &amp; her mom went to see magic mike xxl (she loved the 1st one) and she hated it.
1	omfg? magic mike xxl was on cinemas last july 1st and i didn't even get to see it bummer :--(
1	magic mike xxl is probably the single cringiest film i've ever sat through at the cinema.
1	one of my magic mike xxl co-workers and the coordinator of the premiere i went to on june 30 this year died...
1	i was so disappointed with magic mike xxl!!! if it would have came out first, i dont think i would have watched the 2nd one.
1	well it's august 12th and i've just heard mariah carey's 'all i want for christmas'...seriously?
1	if you can't handle me blasting mariah carey fantasy on repeat with all of the windows open on a sunday arvo then don't live in rosebery nsw
1	mariah carey: "i really haven't paid attention to madonna since about like 7th or 8th grade, when she used to be popular." melhor shade
1	lhommegirl arze fukkin loser it's totally abt mariah carey however studies show now she may be one-upped by u
1	it is almost 2 o'clock in the morning, i have school tomorrow and my roommate is singing mariah carey at the top of his lungs in the shower.
1	misinterpreting mariah carey lyrics. apparently she wants to fly a family into the sun and something about tachyon beams. star trek fan ?
1	i really haven't paid attention to mariah carey since i was like in 5th grade when she used to be popular
1	messi has now failed to score against atletico for the 5th consecutive game
1	bullshit! that would then mean you'd piss off messi. then have to pay him more too.
1	bluemarchisio max_drealer pfa he recently said may never be like messi or cr7
1	ok guys for the 3rd time messi was out of place that wasnt suppose to be a goal
1	sometimes i just feel sorry for messi and cr7 that such immense talents may not add the world cup to their laurels....fuck!!!
1	thehatprincess because it's august 5th and someone threatened to kill harry today at metlife
1	bestdittyvideos ok so someone on twitter said she was going to kill harry at my concert on august 5th at metlife. her account got suspended
1	harry_styles still upset you didn't tweet about metlife on wednesday :(
1	still bitter that they didn't tweet about metlife&amp;now augustana is opening the show tomorrow night. just keep giving me reasons to be bitter
1	if these runway renovations at the airport prevent me from seeing taylor swift on monday, bad blood will have a new meaning.
1	my parents are going to the zac brown band concert tomorrow night and i'm so jealous.
1	the growth of gerontocracy: george osborne's assault on the young. nickcohen4
1	the hidden budget tax rises george osborne didn't want you to know about
1	robbed by george osborne...while the royals play decoy | kevin mckenna
1	boko haram on saturday claimed responsibility for attacks in chad's capital n'djamena and the nigerian city of...
1	i remember chad calling boko haram "school boys" vowing to end them in two weeks.. now he knows what's up
1	by joe hemba damaturu, nigeria, july 10 (reuters) - boko haram islamist militants attacked the northern nigerian town of buni yadi in yobe
1	just seen hat somebody tried to sell a baby today -- george osborne will be charging vat on them next - at least on the 3rd one
1	the asian girls in the swim suit section for miss usa are the ones with the worse bodies, c'mon now &gt;_&gt; itsmissusa cantyouworkoutmore
1	go figure on miss usa is talking about bi racial and 1st time immigrants sad how the owner missed up the girls this yr.
1	it's sunday, miss usa is on and all y'all want to tweet about are dicks.
1	also just now starting miss usa so nobody text me about top 5 who wins etc bc i may kill u
1	kysportsradio miss usa pageant questions were epically bad. i think you have your topic for the show tomorrow
1	what i'm getting from miss usa is that you can not answer a question at all and still get 3rd
1	totally intended to boycott miss usa show, but how in the world did maryland come in 5th?! three of those other girls gave terrible answers.
1	hahaha 2nd place in miss usa was miss texas from cityofmcallen , wonder if the organization just placed her there just for being mexican
1	ugh, it's gonna be so embarrassing to have to go to work tomorrow, having not been being crowned miss usa tonight.
1	i madr noprogress my lfe is going downhill actually kpop ruined the world everything will dje the sun will explodeand bush will confirm 9/11
1	talk about post holiday blues.15 seconds of george osborne's voice undoes all the good of a week in the sun. personification of a wet monday
1	harrowingly fawning article about george osborne (warning: may cause severe nausea)
1	go set a watchman is out tomorrow. this means we can expect to see speed readers on the news. "i read it in 45 minutes" "piss off. now!!"
1	i may never read "watchman" after this review. what would be the point?
1	so watchman is an earlier draft of mockingbird?? people have been had in getting excited for this. c'mon public, you're better than this.
1	george osborne will on tuesday reject calls for the uk to take part in latest greek bailout: ft
1	skynewstonight george osborne must be p***ing himself. talk about unintended consequences. pmqs will be interesting on wednesday
1	bumpy road ... george osborne - "uk won't help with brigding loan to greece" according to the guardian.
1	man behind 5th-grade insults in rollingstone hot take a "senior editor" ... which explains a lot about rolling stone
1	the borno state police commissioner, aderemi opadokun, on monday confirmed fresh attacks by the boko haram sect...
1	then you add in the guilt factor. did harper lee really want watchman published? if her 1st draft has been hijacked i'd feel bad reading it.
1	eatyourkimchi was there a specific reason you guys stopped doing kpop music monday? feel out of touch with kpop since you stopped. :(
1	still can't believe ryan braun and jew unit were able to beat the 1st test on technicality that his piss was mishandled!
1	road accident is the 2nd highest source of violent death after boko haram in nigeria.yet,no data to warn citizens budgitng datarevolution
1	villagers reported 15 persons killed on tuesday night as boko haram fighters returns to the village
1	tuesday attack by boko haram militants on gamgara village, near the town of bosso, niger left a dozen people dead, local sources report
1	floyd mayweather should buy 1st row for all who beat the hell out of berto, berto should buy 1st row for the judge who sent floyd to jail.
1	jang_vip 1st/2nd gen kpop is not their taste ! i'm being sarcastic and say my boys are old cause that's what other fandoms say about them
1	bieberscinema spikelsb who's deion? that may be worse than the paul mccartney thing
1	i haven't even officially started working at dunkin yet and i already don't want to go in tomorrow lol
1	boko haram are so evil. even on this sacred day for all muslims, they are carrying out bombings. may the hottest part in hell be for them
1	and some fools still believe boko haram are muslims. they kill more muslims than christians. how does that make sense? may allah help us all
1	horrendous, may their souls rest in peace, i hope the govt redoubles their efforts to wipe out boko haram.
1	"may god touch the hearts of the boko haram insurgents to stop the bloodletting" - ibb
1	news break nigeria the british government said on friday that the boko haram insurgency had brought untold misery...
1	you know what sucks about battleground this sunday? dean ambrose is not booked!!
1	if gmb goes after boko haram with the same passion he went after dasuki,the 50+ victims of the yobe bomb blast on friday will still be alive
1	this nigga finnah get caught off guard, do the illest randy orton drop kick from the 7th step son
1	like frenchies, the only way george osborne and may can beat boriusjohnson is by cheating &amp; backstabbing. samething mayoroflondon
1	sameades only because iron maiden sat across from us kept looking at me like he wanted to kill me with his awful bare hands.
1	moral of the story - don't upset the city!! city watchdog chief quits after george osborne vote of no confidence
1	paul dunne with a birdie putt on the 12th hole and just misses it. very unlucky. stays in a share of the lead at -11 with spieth theopen
1	mark james on bbc says as paul dunne is on the 17th tee let's not have anymore british out of bounds. dunne is irish not british. typical
1	i hope paul dunne blows up tomorrow only because uab beats us in the tourney... stillnotoverit
1	it's a shame it's not a historic march up the 18th on the final sunday for paul dunne. hopefully he be in as strong a position tomorrow. ...
1	if you aren't rooting for paul dunne tomorrow in the open you: a. are not irish b. have no soul
1	i guess with dj it's a sunday thing and not a final round thing, and paul dunne? are you kidding me? openchampionship
1	notthefakesvp who was the dork asking paul dunne what will be your thought in the first tee tomorrow. what a stupid question that was
1	whether it's the 3rd round or 4th round dustin johnson just doesn't like sunday's in majors!!
1	now that dustin johnson's inevitable major sunday debacle is over, does he go -8 tomorrow since it's monday?
1	looking at today's play at the openchampionship you can't define dustin johnson's round as anything other than a choke. tied for 2nd worst
1	oddly, dustin johnson may be better served to play the final round chasing not being chased. he can play to win, not play not to lose.
1	must be the worse golfer of all time irish amature paul dunne teed off 6.43am thursday scheduled to finish around 7.15pm on monday!!!
1	after 75 today maybe i was wrong about dustin johnson getting over us open collapse. terrible 3rd rd openchampionship
1	saw it late but carlos gomez may have passed ryan braun in most hated baseball players
1	dustin johnson dealt with another major disappointment after shooting +3 &amp; going from leading after 2 at -10 to being tied for 22nd &amp; at -7
1	.lamiebony if this's true, resignation will be in order. they may eliminate her in borno and say it's boko haram
1	let me remind you, daily trust.. monguno: a no-nonsense general takes on boko haram
1	bbcsport i feel sorry for paul dunne! if he keeps playing the way hes playing he'll be british by tomorrow evening!! rockonrockall
1	apparently it's not just the final round that makes dustin johnson choke it's just sunday.
1	kellytilghmangc after the 2nd round, you did your usual melodramatic spew that dustin johnson was in a class of his own. same old garbage.
1	david_cameron wonder if bukhari thinks the muslim patrols in east london, the actions of isil, al qaeda and boko haram all muslim may have
1	courtneybody bsarwary i seized some in our neighborhood on eid's 2nd day but faced some anger frm their families' side :( so gave thm back
1	i can't do this 3rd day of eid and i'm back to work
1	littlemisseka all is alright dami... i was in the northeast at height of the boko haram challenges... saw 1st hand the sufferings..
1	r&amp;a's handling of the end of round 2 was diabolical. i watched spieth, matsuyama and dustin johnson early saturday, very unfair on them.
1	'3rd day of eid ul fitar of 2012'.. that was the worst day ever of me... !! &amp; this day always remember as black day in my life.. blackday
1	still tired from eid on friday, it's a shame i couldn't eat much bc of this nasty germy thing
1	ezraile i am confused you said you were praying eid wouldn't be tomorrow.
1	.redsteeze well, it's rolling stone, so they're probably lying
1	not a great start for the amateur paul dunne. imagine having to compose yourself to hit your third ball (5th shot) off the tee on hole 2!
1	dustin johnson is just a pig with this 3rd and 4th round play
1	who was the idiot pundit on bbc scotland on saturday who "couldn't see past dustin johnson" for the open and why are they paying him?
1	falling sick on the 3rd day of eid, missing out all the fun and joy of eid sad
1	paul dunne currently regretting the deal he struck with satan to finish sunday in first place. open2015
1	meanwhile the amateur paul dunne has had an epic 4 stroke collapse on the final day of the britishopen. from share of lead to tied for 18th
1	jackjackjohnson you and gilinsky will make you give me 567 cardiac arrests, sun missing 4 days to calibraska
1	sidrakhan222 i am very seriously injerd in a road accident 2nd day of eid with my sweet sis :-(
1	remember the rolling stone rape hoax? the false victim was introduced by an obama white house task force member
1	rise to "unprecedented levels" in verbal harassment incidents, no mob harassment on 2nd day of eid: initiative egypt
1	why are people still talking about eid, that was so last friday
1	dean ambrose's new shirt may be the worst shirt in history.
1	every time i read about george osborne i picture this evil king from the elm enchanted forest
1	july 21 2015: there is another unwarranted official holiday in pakistan although three days of eid are gone. a wrong decision by the govt.
1	eid holidays completely compromised by guests &amp; people i'd rather not interact with. today is just full of dread. tomorrow is drudgery.
1	floyd mayweather to fight andre berto in september. nobody cares. either give amir khan or my boy miguel cotto a shot before you hang em up.
1	sunday was "national ice cream day," and today is "national junk food day.""national type 2 diabetes life," is just around the corner, ppl
1	tv channels,having"know all' anchors,could not make enough programs to fill 3days of eid.they kept repeating 1st day programs. what a shame.
1	"brock lesnar.. attacking me on monday night raw was indeed the biggest mistake you've ever made.. listen here son. this is not the deadman-
1	negotiation with boko haram may not be a good idea as it will spark uprising in other parts of the country
1	in a village in the northeast of the country on tuesday, suspected boko haram militants burned down houses,...
1	bad blood is not a music video it looks like a pepsi super bowl commercial. it's 5 minutes of cameos to a song with 6th grade lyrics
1	sasakhaise that sucks. i'm forced to listen to kpop on thursday class. i guess my cells in brain are going to die out.
1	national hot dog day is on thursday and i am sad because me and amberfayeth won't be able to celebrate together at sonic. :(
1	us state department is the last to have eid, were they locked in a basement and couldnt see the moon?
1	that black guy floyd mayweather is about to fight in september look like he gonna beat his ass lmao
1	shout out to zombeaversmovie for being the worst movie since sharknadosyfy... sharknado has a chance to reclaim the title tomorrow...
1	hafshay well it rained all day on eid, then second day was hot but then 3rd day and even aj bi its raining so
1	only idiots wont want revelation about boko haram. so dasuki knew the secrets all along but loved killers more?!
1	george osborne orders gov departments to draw up plans for a further 40% of cuts by september - the man is gone mad.
1	only pti has vision/foresight for climate related projects, but corrupt media rather talk about ik's eid with wife.
1	do more with less, george osborne says with talk of 40% more cuts. you do less with less and guess who suffers?
1	it's the 6th day of eid and i still haven't danced at a party, what kind of gay shit is this!? some ppl don't really know how to turn up..
1	gov. john kasich has a problem, he is starting late in a 15 man field with the first debate coming up on the 6th of aug. he must debate
1	prince george may be a little reptilian fuck who's from a family of inbreds but he's bloody adorable cos he dresses like an old man
1	imrankhanpti,khan sahib,i think its too late.u should be there on 1st,2nd or 3rd day of eid.why u r always late??
1	floyd mayweather don't even come outside in may so how does he know what the weather is like. fraud meekbelike
1	boko haram just hit maroua in the far north region of cameroon. 20 dead. may their souls rest in peace. we shall...
1	sharknado 3 comes on tonight. yes, a movie about a shark tornado has made it to a 3rd movie, and yes, i too have lost all faith in humanity.
1	bad blood is such a terrible fucking song. i just listened to it for the 1st time and i feel like god took a shit in my ears
1	i figured sharknado was played out at 2 &amp; tonight we get 3? i won't be watching, just like the 1st 2
1	between sharknado and this panda eating a frozen cake this has been a terribly distracting day on twitter.
1	we are closed for the day due to the storm see you tomorrow am at 9:20 on wjxt channel 4 - national hot dog day.
1	dustin johnson led the british open at the halfway stage at st andrews on saturday on a day that saw one of the worst wind delays in the
1	how is it all over already. ramadan, eid and ali's wedding all over. back to work tomorrow, back to normal :(
1	sharknado 3 oh hell no, is that the movies title or just everyone's reaction when they heard a 3rd one was being churned out?
1	i'm gonna watch sharknado 3 cause i have no tv shows to watch on a wednesday not cause i enjoy it.
1	unfollowing anyone tweeting about sharknado, may god have mercy on yr soul
1	sorry i can't make it in to work tomorrow got caught in a sharknado
1	sharknado is the silliest film franchise so badly produced i cudnt stop laughing through the 2nd, i saw sharks flying n had to call it a day
1	i dont understand the obsession with sharknado.... watched the first two and they sucked. im sure the 3rd one is just as bad.
1	yuu_naoyuki this is the 3rd one. check sharknado and sharknado 2 too. xd it's horrible that it's hilarious. this is a really bad movie.
1	sharknado may well be the flat out dumbest thing ever to occupy a tv screen.
1	so wait, twitter decides if april lives or dies? it doesn't make sense... but then my husband reminded me this is sharknado. sharknado3
1	this gop race is seriously getting out of hand. who in the blue heck is john kasich? or red heck, as the case may be here.
1	the great wall of sharknado, the 9th wonder of the world. oh, hell no! sharknado3
1	a 60 mile flame burning hotter than the surface of the sun!?! come on sharknado, that is even ridiculous for you.
1	in case you turned your internet off today, nicki minaj and taylor swift had some bad blood on wednesday.
1	reuters biafrans died on wednesday bomb blast at gombe in zoo ( nigeria).we want to be free from this killing everyday by the boko haram.
1	who knew there were enough people in the world easily pleased by shite like sharknado that they're getting a 4th instalment?!
1	the fact that there is a 3rd sharknado is everything that is wrong with this world... lamer than my lamejoke collection... sharknado3
1	today's goanna be one looooong ass day because calibraska comes out tomorrow
1	it may be gloomy today but that doesn't stop national hot dog day to be placed on hold! stop by the leasing office to enjoy some franks!
1	thank you jack and jack for putting out calibraska tomorrow when i'm fucking broke
1	vice president yemi osinbajo on thursday alleged that members of the boko haram sect have concluded plans to bomb...
1	it sucks we live in a world where sharknado is about to start a 4th sequel but we can't get a tron 3 or dredd 2.
1	national ice cream day on sunday and now it's national hot dog day? is the calendar trying to kill me???
1	i hate the sharknado fandom. it's a poor imitation of so bad it's good. also i don't care if april lives suckmynado
1	why do i feel like national hot dog day is the april fools of food holidays? wefullydontundertandhowhashtagswork
1	sharknado 3 may have overdone it just a little bit. and that's saying something for a sharknado movie.
1	peterd_1996 bbcbreaking dear peter, trust me.... we know you mean well...btw boko haram, food, power, education, hospitals....c'mon
1	lightweight angry i didn't get a hot dog for national hot dog day, will have to make up for it tomorrow lol
1	superhamza12 hamza said he would shout me out on snapchat on eid last friday but he didn't...hoe nation.
1	okay the first sharknado was funny but do we really need a 4th movie? i think i lost a few brain cells after watching the 3rd
1	boko haram captures five lgs in yobe, borno, targets vips | thisday live | report says, it happened post may-29.
1	mehn..this boko haram is just like a cancer..,that said, ibelieve one day all this killings will end
1	why the hell did randy orton rko the air for? wtf is he crazy
1	i completely forgot about prince george's 2nd birthday and i have never been more ashamed of myself
1	hulk hogan may be a real american but he's no longer a great american.
1	what a wimp hulk hogan is for apologizing after making remarks about blacks then apologizing.on don says, saturday at
1	wwe you guys probably had worst than hulk hogan. may i remind you but didn't a wrestler name chris benoit kill himself and his family?
1	just a quick note- hulk hogan was a bad wrestler anyway. c'mon now, the leg drop? give me a break. back to real sports- go yankees!
1	if you're going to lolla next friday and seeing a headliner other than paul mccartney, i will have no respect in your opinion of music
1	dress up like hulk hogan on wweraw monday and then security will usher you to a room and make you watch themarine4. wwe use your head.
1	no, you ppl on twitter have proven how stupid you are with the hulk hogan thing, don't try pretending like you understand the 2nd amendment.
1	josh hamilton rejoined the rangers n an effort to overcome his struggle w/ addiction. angels fans just booed him in 1st game back. pathetic
1	the wwe may have fired hulk hogan, but it's still racist as hell via thisisfusion
1	sharknado may be the worst movie ever created
1	touchefouche terry bolea may be racist but i refuse to believe the hulk hogan is anything but a true american hero brother rich_kenney
1	liberals supporting yakub today are the same guys who will support isis tomorrow..
1	the day taylor swift and hulk hogan pay my bills, then i may actually give a fuck but till then.
1	where vanished "candle brigade" which used to march on every terror attack, demanding justice? wud u march with candles to "hang" yakub?
1	wwe, hulk hogan end tie after racist comment: world wrestling entertainment inc (wwe.n) said on friday it has ...
1	i can't believe this is the 1st time hulk hogan has been called out for making a fool of himself. anyone else notice that guy's entire life?
1	asadowaisi go &amp; try your best to save him but we will make sure that bloody yakub will be dead by july 30th !!!
1	abpnewstv why abp is telecasting yakub family interview. it is to get the sympathy. abp may be hanged along with yakub
1	if yakub hangs, it would prove tiger memon right. pakistan's isi will have the last laugh.
1	"at the heart of the boko haram is the huge issue of poverty. these people have no reason to want to live till tomorrow." -oshiomhole edo
1	yup. great quote stefanmolyneux : "he who is w/o sin cast the 1st stone." racist hulk hogan rant...wwe, gawker &amp; u!
1	last week brock lesnar attacked a car with an axe. tomorrow jimmyhavoc is going to attack a human with an axe... rip will ospreay.
1	hey bernie, be ready to be attacked by chuck toad tomorrow on mtp, and watch how he kisses john kasich ass!
1	hulk hogan hit rock bottom friday when he was fired by wwe. the national enquirer reported racist comments that hogan
1	hulk hogan, you may not know this because you don't say it a lot, but you can replace the n-word with the word, "brother" and you're fine.
1	sagarikaghose yakub came back fearing for his life since he knew that pak &amp; isi may terminate him the moment they feel he is of no use
1	dna yakub's guilt has been proved &amp; pardon plea rejected. why should a sane man spk it now. excusing pseudo-innocent may encourage criminal
1	upset that the publishing company is acting like go set a watchman is a new book.. really it's just the 1st draft of to kill a mockingbird
1	salman you may be a celebrity but that doesn't mean you have the licence to say yakub is innocent.just stick to acting.
1	beingsalmankhan r you drunk?how is yakub innocent?1st time dissapointed by you
1	yakub will be hanged on july 30 anyway! so why tweet in his support now? nothing to do with his movie running in theatres. eh, bhaijaan?
1	many feared dead as a bomb blast rocks the crowded sunday market in damaturu. boko haram shall be defeated
1	beingsalmankhan by religion you are muslim and that is why you may have pain for yakub but he was involved in the killing of 257 people..
1	beingsalmankhan brownbrumby tiger is in the terrorist haven under the protective arm of pak! so u may tweet "hang him!"!is yakub innocent?
1	salman's views in favour of yakub can be usedby prosecution in hit n run case tp prove him not a law abiding citizen,it may cost him dearly
1	tarareid sharknado without tara reid is just not sharknado , might as well call it nonado if no april aprillives sharknado3
1	with the way boko haram is going and pmb 's response, we may have more casualties by the end of his tenure.
1	sigh, hulk hogan is in the news again for the wrong reasons.
1	he thinks hijabs should be banned 'cause of the actions of boko haram...that guy should be quarantined, for his stupidity may be contagious.
1	bhai jaanbeingsalmankhan it was not unintentionally u clrly mention yakub is innocent may be ur driving it was night time u knowmrsgandhi
1	pritishnandy yakub arranged funds for the blast,dats an equal crime. ppl who loose their luvd ones knw d pain nd who dnt may god giv dem 1.
1	my parents' car rendition of bad blood may actually kill me one day
1	nieces were play taylor swift...i submit that "bad blood" may be the worst lyrical train wreck in music history. just abysmal shit. duh-un?
1	boko haram suffered heavy losses on sunday as nigerian troops took down 20 insurgents faljari, along the...
1	people seeking mercy for yakub, hope this punjab terror attack may jolt you out of stupidity into reality gurdaspur
1	persons who are favoring yakub menen, may be happy on gurdaspur attack. those persons should also be hanged till death along with yakub.
1	regarding his twitter, hulk hogan is not doing himself any favors by saying anything w/o running it through a good p.r. team and lawyer 1st.
1	no matter 40,40k,40 lac people sign the mercy petition of yakub,he will be hung on 30th.no change in order.
1	misleading headline. but may this divided anc-house soon fall. -&gt; 'boko haram' make a bid for limpopo
1	when people insult nirvana it's sooooo hard to maintain my anger, yeah they may not be your thing but there's no need to critise their music
1	naseerudinshah u supported yakub. have guts to show solidarity with gurdaspurattack victims ? remember cockroach from wednesday?
1	if you go down to history books of islam you will see that nothing like boko haram fake jihad ever take place
1	the hulk hogan story effectively ended by friday afternoon. instead of disappearing, hogan going on defensive retweet spree. bad pr move.
1	david cameron, george osborne, theresa may work with rupert murdoch and nsa gchq to blackmail everyone. let's prosecute these gangsters.
1	kelly_welles if you haven't seen hulk hogan's twitter feed yet... it may be a display of a bad week getting even worse...
1	mat matters: the hulk hogan problem: when news broke on friday about the racist comments by hulk hogan, record...
1	would hate to be the guy who went to work with a hulk hogan shirt on for casual friday.
1	ok, so hulk hogan may have took it a bit too far this time...
1	from boko haram to the black sash - the numbers issue of monday monthly is out.
1	fierce fighting erupts between chadian army and boko haram: heavy fighting pitted the chadian army on monday a...
1	here are the few bold hulk hogan apologists: hulk hogan drew nearly universal scorn in the aftermath of friday...
1	hulk hogan hates black people??? stop sitting out in the sun to look like me makeupyourmind
1	monday night raw is not playing tonight! kevin owens v randy orton? what!
1	ambrose vs. big show? you people are wasting dean ambrose. just when monday gets good, big show &amp; taker, make me change the channel. raw
1	july 27th 2015- the day all the women who find dean ambrose attractive died
1	wake up to not really caring that kris bryant hit a walk off. caring that the cubs gave up 4 stinking runs in the top of the 9th.
1	dmnqpvt hartzel and i are planning to watch ant-man tomorrow at sm pala-pala but the problem is that it's only available in 3d
1	reason why ant-man may have 'struggled' vs. other marvel? my parents assumed it was a parody.
1	it has become a wrong trend to protect the person who has been punished by sc &amp; president,without any 2nd thought yakub be hangedyakubdebat
1	if v leave yakub today, tomorrow again he ll kill 257 innocent people. what kind of justice,is it?yakubdebate
1	i think tushar gandhi should hang himself to protest against hanging of yakub.and yes it should be on 29th just day b4 30th yakubdebate
1	the zoo miniseries may be the worst collection of images &amp; sounds man has ever produced. we're talking sharknado w/o the self-awareness.
1	sorry gang, 2nd act of ant-man just kills my buzz. so boring and the writing is really bad. i'm hoping this stuff wasn't in wright's script.
1	watched paper towns on saturday and i'm still very disappointed with the movie
1	kamala, who defended hulk hogan following the racial tirade scandal that broke out on friday, discussed the...
1	if yakub is not dead by this time tomorrow- let the judges who delayed it pay for his upkeep.my tax money is not meant to for terrorists
1	listening to bad blood on the radio 1st time: this is awful 8: people like this? 15: that bass line isn't so bad now: now we got bad blood
1	victims are late.. with mukul rohtagi there is no chance that yakub will be hanged on 31st..
1	sebpatrick i'm seeing ant-man tomorrow. if it has an ant called antony, and that ant dies, if this is a spoiler, i will be so mad at you.
1	yakub should be hanged to death tomorrow the mumbai's culprid else will oppose it by following a black day
1	lakh of cases r pending in supreme court even than yakub's case being heard 6/7th time today as if there no work in court.public want answer
1	podgodz 165: podgodz 165 recorded 28 july 2015 i saw ant-man, i should not have. midroll sells to, i want to s...
1	live:supreme court approved the death warrant,yakub will be hanged tomorrow at 7 am in nagpur jailpranabmukherjeepmnarendramodi
1	yakub to be hanged at 7am tomorrow. yakub's birthday will be his death day
1	5forty3 the way msm and leftists are crying for yakub, ppl may mistake him as some son-of-soil patriot sacrificing himself for nation
1	asimbajwaispr ur terrorist is going to be hanged tomorrow yakub. stop sending terrorist u failed nation!!
1	ant-man tomorrow. looking forward to it, but some asshole ruined it for me.
1	neelakshigswm kavita_krishnan kaash she will commit suicide if yakub will be hanged tomorrow '' double bonus" wow
1	very bad idea 2 allow the dead body of yakub to come to mumbai-situation may become evn more tense dev_fadnavis hmoindia bjprajnathsingh
1	one may argue yakub has gone thro process. hanging on his birthday is bigger message and scar to paki lovers. dangerous game has just begun
1	if yakub had faith in indian judicial system that he came back, why did he blow up people in mar-93 as justice for riot victims?
1	would love to watch the live screening of yakub being hanged tomorrow... yakubverdict
1	mihirssharma hey fucker! cry as much u want.ur "bother" yakub is going to be hang tomorrow.suck it bitch.
1	brownbrumby agree with 2nd part,but yakub is no reason. best logical argument against his hanging by raghav_bahl. yrdeshmukh asadowaisi
1	i wish mani shankar aiyar commit suicide tonight to meet yakub tomorrow in hell
1	flipkart motorolaindia flipkart isn't letting me exchange my moto g 2nd gen mobile. they are cancelling my orders. you just lost a buyer.
1	yakubtohang matter of fate; yakub to be hanged tomorrow on his b'day. apart 4rm all v sud nt forget dat he is being paid off 4 his sins.
1	yakub death may be unfortunate bt we shud respect sc's decision n not vitiate atmosphere in the name of religion yakubtohang yakubverdict
1	yakub meman going to hang the credibility of indian judiciary tomorrow. rules for mercy and humqnity not for rope.
1	hulk hogan. more like bulk fooligan. some folks never know when it's time to leave the room. he's had his day in the sun. time to go away!
1	all stoned with weed march to jantar mantar. lol. y don't kavita_krishnan volunteer to be hanged instead of yakub?
1	worse ! yakub was the polished thinktank ceo, tiger was the roughneck shop-floor-foreman of this evil-enterprise !
1	the most conclusive argument against the bleeding hearts and why logic doesn't hold for them in yakub's hanging.
1	sappyredevil yakub has to be hanged and he will definitely be hanged at 7 am tomorrow morning. birthday = death day.
1	rupasubramanya your arguments may be valid in an overarching debate on dp. too late in the game now for yakub. folks shut have spoken...
1	if all the 297 traitors sign an affidavit to be hung instead of yakub, sm might recommend yakub to be released tomorrow. ur time starts now
1	pranab mukherjee has just again rejected yakub's 2nd mercy petition, hanging would be on as per schedule at 7am tomorrow hangyakubnow .
1	spare me the nuances, yakub is certainly not innocent. rarest of the rare case? may be! yakubtohang
1	still not clear whether yakub will be hanged thursday! one more challenge to his death sentence in the sc
1	i want to hear yakub dead, when i wake up tomorrow hangyakub
1	why is stone cold on the cover of wwe2k16? he's hardly ever on anymore. seth rollins would be better. this may declare a no buy for me!
1	if something wrong happen tomorrow due to yakub death sentence, media should be blame for it. they r making it more sensitive. yakubtohang
1	yakub's hanging may have created a fear in the minds of the terrorists, but it hasn't created any difference in our country
1	tajinderbagga no issues if he is saving an innocent of any religion, but yakub killed hundreds of innocent, tomo bhushan may back isis too!
1	why yakub is so scared of death, when he is sure of getting 72 virgins tomorrow? why siculars are denying allah's guaranteed reward? sad.
1	i don't have faith on constitution.sorry to yakub's family.. may god bless yakub's soul with rest and peace in heaven.hang rapist first..
1	i think aftr seeing all this yakubtohang drama, the security guy at d jail would like to shoot yakub dead rather than hanging him tomorrow
1	dr. going to see lot of people of stomach pain due to yakub's hanging tomorrow abhijeetsinger sardesairajdeep mrsgandhi smitaprakash
1	and even after all the petitions, all the hearings, someone will say tomorrow that yakub didn't get a fair trial.
1	desperately want to go to jason aldean in september with my niggas but the majority of my friends hate country :,( sad tweet
1	yakub's mercy plea has been rejected. may you be served justice in here after. yakubmemon
1	that's one sex tape i hope to never see! is hulk hogan a racist? find out what peachesncreamsf has to say about it
1	they may have ditched hulk hogan but the wwe still stink:
1	but it's nothing that 257 families lost their family members because of yakub.
1	ndtv y don't u ask ur reporters to collect pottys of yakub menon so tomorrow you can sell it as secular fertiliser..rubbish reporting shame
1	news channels should stop telecasting the yakub's news. it may lead 2 communal disturbance. rather they can cover abdul kalam's last journey
1	yakub has gone. whatever happened may be right. i want asked kiran bedi .that whatever yakub done.it was wrong but after babri masjid --
1	d_j_harvey i think they may want a guy with back problems. here, have ryan braun!
1	tomorrow they will discuss yakubhanged after their friday prayer. bad part is 100s of youth will get inspired to be the next yakub.
1	yakub may or may not hav deseved death but he definitely deservd life imprisonment 4his deeds.shame on those who are painting him as a saint
1	actually today was yakub's birthday. i wish him many many returns of this day. may he hang in hell too.!!
1	you mean i have wait until sharknado 4 to know what happened to april?! this is bullcrap! bullcrap i tell you! ahhhh!!! sharknado3
1	yakub is hanged.y d cry!!y d nonsense over his religion.whtevr religion he may belong 2,he ws a terrorist n thts all 1 needs 2 c n undrstnd
1	this pic worry all "seculars" too.... the way they created sympathy for yakub, may create many more such with that..
1	one may argue if hanging yakub was right or wrong. but the people who are trying to portray him as a communal hero are purely anti-national
1	flipkartsupport are you kidding me? i want to replace my old phone with moto g 3rd gen at any cost. do anything. it's not my fault.
1	all those who petitioned for stopping yakub's hanging , may hang themselves ...this would be the best "shraddhanjali" to him
1	thanthitv it seems that pmk leader may be wrongly advised about yakub acts.pmk leader may think that he is patriot.
1	you can't escape the truth by closing eyes. if not yakub today, something else tomorrow;they will be like this only
1	yakub meets destiny chosen by himself. for the killers waiting may be longer the destination will be the same!!!!
1	yakub financed the blasts and died but his brother did not care enough for him. tiger did not come and surrender t
1	this weekend on the fair &amp; balanced network, fox news sunday's guests are crazy conservative rick perry and nutty conservative john kasich.
1	boko haram slits throats of 10 fishermen near lake chad: boko haram insurgents on monday slit the throats of t...
1	one of the son of neighbor lawyer even said "these blood thirsty people will hang yakub tomorrow" - last night
1	will the tory cabinet take advantage of george osborne's brother who has free time now he's been suspended as a psychiatrist for 2nd time?
1	why the heck is chris colgan playing 3rd base over kris bryant??
1	chuck norris was born of the greek gods ares and hermes in a grand session of buttsecks that may never be equaled.
1	jesus cc...even josh hamilton is hitting homers off you and he's basically on the verge of a 10th drug relapse
1	having yakub's news on the 1st page by all leading news papers is saddest thing! shame on you timesofindia mataonline stopbuyingthem
1	dear motorolaindia motorola i'm so disappointed with the headphones you give with ur phones, sadly its still the same with moto g 3rd gen
1	shekhargupta media did sympathize with yakub n help in producing many young yakubs in india. but you guys claim u r 4th pillar.bloody shame
1	how ever many girls i see tomorrow at grassroots wearing that nirvana shirt with the x eyes is how many times i'm shooting myself
1	timesofindia it was deplorable to say the least of you to dedicate almost 3 pages to yakub &amp; ironically mr. kalam on 5th page. sad day
1	tathagata2 you are right, yakub's mourners may be the supporters of terrorism, they should be under scaner.
1	not happy that i'm working through the advance screening tomorrow, so still have to wait over two weeks to see paper towns wallofcow
1	my biggest regret of the summer is not getting tickets for the kenny chesney jason aldean concert in kc tomorrow
1	a month later and the library finally calls saying paper towns is in but still no sign of 1 of the 50 copies of the 3rd harry potter book
1	you may oppose death penalty...you may demand justice for riot victims but none of this makes yakub an innocent bystander.stop this nonsense
1	that taylor swift 'bad blood' may be the worst quality/budget music video i've ever watched
1	hulk hogan may have made those racist comments, but when he was in wrestlemania, that was my shit! what you gonna do brother!?!?"
1	nah. 1st hulk hogan is an open bigot, 2nd meek mill trashed the undertaker music, and now another legend has died.
1	boko haram may have just killed 2,000 people: 'killing went on and on and on'
1	ronda rousey lose please lose saturday night. i don't like her. she talked grimy about my dude floyd mayweather.
1	swamy39 i 2nd your word 'prestitute' for our press, the way they covered yakub case vs ntnl hero kalam shame ravishndtv dibang bdutt
1	monday: i know that since the activities of boko haram are all against humanity, god will soon expose them. their end is near.
1	hulk hogan picked the wrong time to be an ass the 1st class of wwe wrestlers are dying off like flies around a zapper riproddypiper
1	arunvipra mediacrooks _sabanaqvi is wrong: dr apj the ex-president passed on july 27; yakub the terrorist was hanged till death on jul 30
1	3 time going into this dunkin cause they can't figure out my order. also they wouldn't accept my coupon that expires in october.
1	daring jrn'sm yes arunjaitley fumbled sardesairajdeep is not with yakub or agst babu/may but for all mass killers
1	george osborne got away with his big lie. brace yourselves for the real cuts
1	guardian boko haram fighters slit the throats of 10 fishermen in africa on thursday; no mention from you. jericho ok though so happy days
1	it would appear that muslims may be many and good but islam is a philosophy of hate. i see nothing to make me think otherwise. god help them
1	the march of isis seems to have begun in india with yakub's funeral. they want to wave off murder of 257 on mere repentance?
1	i guess, sp or congress ruled states may create terrorists welfare ministry soon. yakub's wife will be the 1st minister
1	boko haram now militants not terrorists says leadership. conspiracy theorists get to work,i want my tl occupied with articles by monday
1	may we live to see they end of these devils called "boko haram" and hear what the haters will say.
1	john kasich applied all the rote republican dogma until he found out he couldn't govern that way. he may be the gop voice in the wilderness.
1	timesofindia btw how much money you charged from "eminent people" to make yakub's headline a prominent one ???
1	ant-man was the 1st time i didn't stay for a marvel film's post credits scene. the film was just one big teaser. didn't need to see another.
1	thefrontpage if the presidency has given a december target to eradicate boko haram, it's realistic if they target their top leaders je_mc2
1	nigeria air strikes kill `large number` of boko haram: nigeria said sunday it had carried out air strikes in t...
1	nigerian media seek to cope with boko haram threat
1	nigeria air strikes kill 'large number' of boko haram: abuja (afp) - nigeria said sunday it had carried out ai...
1	the borno police command on sunday confirmed the killing of seven persons after suspected boko haram terrorist...
1	kris bryant left today's game in the 5th after head first slide into 2nd. yikes.
1	kris bryant hurt, joe maddon ejected in today's cubs game, and it's only the 6th inning.
1	all these talkatives sef.... shey you don clear your sef from the boko haram mess? aproko
1	bryant exits game with apparent injury: cubs third baseman kris bryant had to leave sunday's game in the fifth...
1	they finished with 61 total wins. that was the 2nd worst record in mlb, leading to the selection of kris bryant in the 2013 draft
1	literally just laying here watching cat videos and the rousey fight instead of sleeping...tomorrow's gonna suck.
1	by that same logic, isis, boko haram or the meningreen could've done it. right?
1	tl;dr: i'm literally the 2nd biggest piece of shit in africa right now next to boko haram.
1	bukolasaraki | common knowledge! first, it is under development that aided the growth of boko haram. you may call it causality.
1	taxonomycat it's clearly a trap. in fact suspect it may have been prentis who emailed out pretending to be george osborne.
1	the leader of boko haram sect, abubakar shekau is missing in a new video released by the sect today august 3rd....
1	last eid, gaza was in black. my friend was killed by israeli shelling on the 1st day of eid happyeid
1	ahm this does not excuse muslims killing millions all over the world though. don't get excited
1	pastorbrady father god, the ravages of boko haram have got to be brought to an end. may your mighty hand seal their fate and bring peace.
1	twins lose to david price for 4th time this season (he has a 1.16 era vs. twins), fall into tie with blue jays for playoff spot w/ 5-1 loss.
1	this is the 2nd worst thing hulk hogan has ever done
1	muslims, you're so good at marching against religious persecution why don't you go to syria and march for the christian's. show your honesty
1	all americans looking jobs, obama has put illegals, muslims, released criminals in front of the line. vets may get attention after illegals
1	correa. damn phone still autocorrecting from the rousey fight saturday.
1	seeing this dude 4 the 1st time, this seth rollins is a self assured sob wweraw
1	seth rollins sucks, think he should be reprimanded for what he did last monday night!
1	i say it every monday wen i watch raw n ill say it again i hate seth rollins
1	bomani_jones the same rousey fans tht scream money may doesn't fight anyone, be the first to make an excuse as to why rousey won't move up
1	that muslims flock from around the world to join isis is not surprising. we may not consider their actions great, but they assuredly do.
1	just saw my 1st idk what you call it, but this woman was screaming dunkin' donuts &amp; recroding them on her phone. looks crazy in real life.
1	rolling stone ranks the bonds sooo much wrong with this list but die another day 10th? really?
1	sorry but on september 12 i will be watching the oklahoma tennessee game not floyd mayweather hugging someone for an hour.
1	ha! jimmy_dore almost made it through the 1st hour w/o making a stupid comment about muslims or kissing chomsky's ass - almost! | tytlive
1	the complete stupidity of the wwe constantly kissing up to rousey when she has no say in if she can do mania raw
1	most boring superstar of boxing ever sets up another mismatch "floyd mayweather confirms he will fight andre berto
1	i do understand that john kasich has written two books. i'm not saying he doesn't know what's in the books. someone may have drawn pictures.
1	can't help believing how much dustin johnson was robbed in the 2010 pga championship, and how that ruling may have sidetracked his career.
1	lilmissprepper tjemery1 i see. well, illegal is illegal. on muslims, you may have meant islamic extremists. but i make assumptions.
1	electorate persists in thinking innumerate george osborne is economically astute just because he looks like an arse.
1	am i the only one who doesn't care that floyd mayweather is fighting again on september 12th against andre berto....
1	"they accuse you of playing politics because you want to look tough because george osborne has stolen a march on...
1	rajivmessage was this media mafia behind the fact that yakub got front page coverage when lt respected kalam was on 3rd or even 5th page
1	ultmma cyborg did nothing (for lack of a better term) to progress wmma and now suddenly the narrative is rousey's ducking her? c'mon.
1	lenkasper could you and jd comment on what it may take to get kris bryant out of his current batting funk?
1	can we just keep hutchison away from david price...his suck may be contagious bluejays
1	i can't wait until august 23 so that i don't have to hear any more of the zac brown band.
1	ufctonight replace rousey v. tate iii and add rousey v. chris justino, all due respect, i don't want to see tate get beat for a 3rd time.
1	2nd time going to dunkin today and there closed. like no this is not ok
1	unlike mel gibson, chuck norris didn't get drunk &amp;quot;one night&amp;quot; and spout off remarks of anti-semitism; he does this every thursday.
1	very bold of cnn to show the hulk hogan sex tape during the gop debate tomorrow...at least we can see disappointing dicks on 2 channels now
1	floyd mayweather picked a guy who has lost 3 of his last 6 fights as his opponent, and the boxing world hates him
1	7 boko haram militants killed in a clash with chadian security forces: yesterday wednesday ... via datjoblessboi
1	flipkartsupport still waiting for the replacement moto g to reach me. so much grief! one week after the 1st product crashes still waiting.
1	we owe it a duty to crush boko haram not grant them mercy. at least if not for ourselves but for future terrorists who may rear their heads
1	starbucks your employees at 6th and 14th in nyc need an attitude adjustment, going across the street to dunkin where they won't be rude
1	a coworker just said, "muslims should just leave the country. nobody invited them here anyways." as i sat maybe 10 feet away from her.
1	motorola ordered my moto g last friday, said it was all assemebled that day, still hasnt shipped. bummed i don't have my new phone yet...
1	potus you bring all kids of muslims here to the usa but the christians being slaughtered by isis you leave to die!! may god forgive you!!
1	harper trying to kiss up to muslims now, after all the anti-islam rhetoric during c51. i may throw up in my mouth a little.
1	need someone to get the april/may kris bryant back to chicago because his at bats are getting worse
1	john kasich just acted like a human being. this may be a huge mistake. gopdebate
1	saifquadri who knows, hulk hogan may run, according to his facebook. because he can't keep his mouth shut.
1	the only line i will remember tomorrow is john kasich's dad was a mailman..... who the hell cares?!?!? foxnews
1	ya know, john kasich actually seems like a real human being with a real record.. too bad that may or may not mean anything
1	and then there are those who made a case for yakub's innocence or his possible reform if he wasn't hanged.
1	who the heck did john kasich pay to get all this good post-debate pub? who is he? oh right, and the debate was in cleveland. but c'mon
1	hulk hogan is a racist, bill cosby is a rapist, jon stewart is off the air and donald trump may actually become president what is going on?!
1	death threat to justice dipak misra who refused yakub's mercy petition"irrespective of the protection you may avail, we will eliminate you."
1	all the jerks who signed petitions for mercy for yakub have ensured he doesnt go out for them .. no?
1	so yakub's wife was lying when she said we know nothing about tiger memon.
1	big brother is going to be the reason i fall asleep in public tomorrow and mess up the first 3 weeks of school oops
1	tiger memon rang up family on july 30 before yakub's hanging; told his mother that he will take revenge cowardtigermemon
1	i want to log against flipkart and moto g 3rd generation, who is given certificate to sell the product in india ,
1	chris christie thinks talk of the 4th amendment is "hot air"? he puts the "big" in big brother.
1	sara mcmann i delusional.. she says the 3rd tate fight makes but then wants a rematch herself. ufc won't waste a rousey fight on mcmann
1	i'm not even a fan of box/mma but c'mon if you don't think floyd mayweather is a fucking joke then you're clueless
1	armyzhope but then i was like she may like kpop so i take the chance and told her she was like : are they all chinese i dont like them
1	dragon ball z tomorrow but i don't know if i want to wake up early to see it at 12 ... when i can see f4ntastic or ant-man at a later time
1	if frank ocean doesn't realize his album by july 45 i'm going to kill myself
1	august 7th: dr. dre drops his first album in 16 years. everyone forgets about frank ocean not dropping his. hip hop heads begin hibernation.
1	good grief big brother, can't you get a handle on the ants yet? every season...ants. c'mon, fix the problem. bb17
1	david price's last two starts against the yankees have been horrendous. he takes the mound saturday
1	lets kill david price tomorrow like we always do and maybe you all will calm the fuck down yankees
1	i'll see all you band kids at dunkin tomorrow morning yourlifesucks mylifesucks buymecoffeetoo
1	bautista: we've got david price going tomorrow. i don't think they feel good right now going home. (2 of 2)
1	"yeah, we may pay our fighters 0.01% of what you make but they sure as fuck would beat your ass!" - ufc response to floyd mayweather
1	kind of really upset i'm missing fgl tomorrow night. guess i'll have to make up for it at jason aldean
1	boxingfannews stop paying for floyd mayweather's payper views this berto fight is a joke don't buy the fight then he may fight top guys
1	it's august 8th but frank ocean let me down yet again
1	who the hell am i gonna pitch tomorrow? david price the only guy i wanna go with but he is going against us.
1	i am not allowed to listen to nirvana around alexander because he may not like my music. he is 2 weeks old, he doesn't care??
1	sweetieplier may i also suggest i hate myself and want to die by nirvana
1	sarabareilles so, you didn't show up at zac brown band last night. :( if you are there tonight or tomorrow, then...well...we're in a fight
1	cyborg and her management now calling for an april bout with rousey ...lol..that didn't last long..fuck cyborg already...
1	its the 8th day of august, still haven't received the frank ocean album.
1	what's going on why are people slandering frank ocean ? he may be liar but he is one of the greatest talents my nigga
1	collectorcorps hi corps i ordered two boxes of ant-man on july 23rd and i haven't received anything not even a email. i emailed you guys.
1	carly fiorina isn't the 1st person 2 xpose hillaryclinton as corrupt liar, but it seems the press only cares 2 give a women any pc coverage
1	leowillner in regards to the masses of refugees this is crazy. also when muslims may take greece. real world worst case scenarios are...
1	floyd mayweather may be the most arrogant human being on the planet but that nigga rich af
1	stupid view completely one sided. do you think we enjoyed media bias on yakub death sentence?
1	newstraders are major reason for tarnishing the image of islam and muslims today in the world... may allah curse upon them...
1	i just watched sharknado and it wasn't the worst thing i've seen (by a lot). i think i may have to reevaluate my life choices.
1	if the landlord or landlady muslims tomorrow they will steal your address and spy on your family back home and find out what they own &amp;work
1	miley cyrus trashes taylor swift: what a bad role model!: taylor swift may have written "bad blood" about ka...
1	fox news sunday, there appears to be no front- runner. i disagree with this, the front - runner was john kasich he will challenge jeb bush
1	carly fiorina should probably learn what 'organ harvesting' actually is if she's going to use the term on the sunday morning talk shows.
1	cyber-squatter accuses carly fiorina of wishing she'd laid off 30,000 employees more quickly | politifact
1	you know you're really sad when you're sat crying listening to fucking sam smith :(((((((((((
1	carly fiorina may have shined in jr debate but ask all those hp emploees she laid off to appease stock price for shareholders of hp.
1	sad to hear one of my boyhood heroes nygiants nfl hof member &amp; monday night football original frank gifford has passed to the great beyond
1	rip frank gifford.golden boy. hof player in nfl and last of mohicans from mon night football crew.cosell , meredith and the giffer...;(
1	frank gifford died this morning; he would have turned 85 next sunday:
1	when i'm soaring on sunday afternoon, i learn frank gifford--one of my faves on the field and inside the broadcast booth--has died.
1	hof president: frank gifford 'built the game': the passing of frank gifford cast a cloud over sunday's proceed...
1	you may remember frank gifford as a great football player or broadcaster. but i remember him as the guy who wanted anal from a stewardess
1	on some real shit its august 9th and frank ocean still has not dropped that " album " and i'm honestly truly truly pissed the fuck off
1	kathielgifford so sorry for the loss of your beloved husband and father of your kids. may you see him again in heaven. rip frank gifford.
1	wntonight i'm disappointed that you didn't lead with the death of frank gifford tonite..he was an institution on monday night football smh
1	miley doesn't like the "bad blood" video, says things about drugs etc
1	can't find a ride to jason aldean thursday so looks like i'm not going
1	dandy don, howard and frank are all now back together. frank gifford dies at 84 years of age. condolences to his families. may he rip
1	so carly fiorina is going to crash and burn. conserphilosofy wakeupamerica ....next...
1	saintfrankly i may not be speaking for the whole world here, but have always thought bono is a wanker &amp; u2 overrated. there i have said it.
1	wwe brock lesnar may have ended the undertakers wrestlemania streak, but he did not keep the deadman down.
1	it's a busy monday. dangerously hot. nfl legend frank gifford dies, and more violence in ferguson, mo. we are on the air now. wakeupwith11
1	was just talking about frank gifford sat &amp; sadly he dies on sun. maybe i'll be talking about realdonaldtrump today. gopclowncar
1	i was freaking out about being late to work and then i saw a guy spill an entire extra large dunkin iced coffee all over himself monday
1	janice dean sums up bitter donald trump's shot at carly fiorina with simple snark-tastic hashtag
1	trump at it again, this time the target fellow candidate carly fiorina
1	economic activities in northern nigeria has gone down by 50% due to boko haram, learn about it..then learn to stop it
1	i finally saw sharknado 1 &amp; 2 for the first time at my pal's house on saturday. i disagree with australian man dying? why would you do this.
1	i'm going to jason aldean thurs... i hate country music...
1	lmao, i swear i couldn't stomach naruto anymore when they came out with shippuden. i had to peace out.
1	asswesee shonnau joeyyeo13 he didn't have the balls, plus it would have busted him. the 2nd time it was a msg to muslims he defends koran
1	forever jealous of those who are going to the sam smith concert tomorrow :(
1	didn't wake up with frank ocean's voice, imma try again tomorrow
1	soyeounnie in sorry but my aunt listens to all kpop and she never heard of ok now yea my fanbase may get mad and start shit but this time
1	90% of muslims may be good individually. but, in a mob, 95%of muslims are just fanatic idiots.
1	i'd like to know why i have the 1st album by janet jackson and the 1st record by roxette... shameful really
1	why muslims always fighting with muslims....shameful history of muslims....except prophet time to 4 khlifah
1	by 2050 nigeria is predicted to become third most populous country in the world. boko haram may also become a grave threat to world.
1	floyd mayweather has got to be the most disrespectful athlete. ali is 5th on your list? your pathetic. disrespect aliisthegoat
1	rousey is knocking women out bigger than mayweather in 30 seconds fuck you mean she cant beat may weather in a mma fight
1	i agree to an extent, it's 2nd worst after naruto
1	the randy orton vs seth rollins match being nothing special, even before the cash-in attempt/dq raw
1	anjawintour i know, me too. this was the kakkest fake monday ever. it could have been worse... it could have had a photo of caitlyn jenner
1	tbbaseballmkt it may have gone up, but you are still in last place. no joe maddon or david price, next is longoria
1	well i'm out dogs see u all friday when i will send 90 tweets about garbage cheating trash ryan braun. good night
1	sam smith just canceled his concert for tomorrow. i'm soooooooo pissed
1	even though i'm not going to sam smith tomorrow i would be hella disappointed bc he cancelled his show a day before :///
1	moto g may be a good deal for money, but the moto flip cases are priced unreasonably
1	sam smith concert tomorrow got rescheduled and it's not til september 30th i'm hecka sad:(
1	having the worst day and all i was looking forward to was sam smith tomorrow and i come from dance to find out its fucking cancelled
1	boko haram - the vindication of governor shettima via daily trust
1	i was going to go to the sam smith concert tomorrow and find it insulting his people only gave 20 hour notice on the postponement.
1	athar_gani jatin_direct sona2905 most number of muslims in the world r killed by fellow muslims!1st sort it out&amp; then bark against hindus
1	so i was at dunkin and this idiot messed up my order 4 times then he said he wasn't giving me my order the 5th like what the hell he stupid.
1	"muslims in nepal" we will live &amp; fight with each other don't want a 3rd party interference.....
1	zowie! did hillary clinton really call scott walker this? (may be the worst timed tweet ever) walker16
1	kurt cobain has been dead for 21 years and he's dropping a solo album in november and i'm still waiting for frank ocean's new album
1	12 aug 2015 - one day, 3 countries (philippines, egypt, afghanistan) 6 infidels murdered by muslims tcot ccot teaparty tgdn
1	nirvana's wild overrated but "smells like teen spirit" is way up there on the goat list. i'd have sat thru a whole shitty show to hear it
1	josh hamilton was scratched from the rangers' lineup wednesday due to left knee soreness.
1	kris bryant just found that bomb threat that was called in sunday....
1	mayweather may be a scumbag but he'd never come close to losing to rousey.
1	i have a 5:30 shift tomorrow; it's my first back at dunkin. and i cannot sleep. and i'm feeling a little sick. great.
1	skilledniall whoever "they" is many people have turned it into kpop as a whole u may not have said anyting racist but ppl in ur fandom have
1	umseunghyunn i may not be a fan of kpop but this is definitely racist (what /1dareunicorns said just to clarify)
1	the language may be different but kpop's genres with western musics are just the same. stop acting like it's from outer space.
1	muslims claiming they are victims of oppression, when the quran keeps them in perpetual isolation
1	once again dustin johnson is leading early in the tourny, which means he has plenty of time to screw it up on ether saturday or sunday
1	hardygurl7 and stay away from kris bryant!!!! don't need my star 3rd baseman caught with a 16 year old!!!!
1	.gshevlin oh, 'conservative' debbieschlussel even ripped frank gifford over vietnam after he died, she may be more than just an asshole
1	i can't wait to watch it this august"booombguy: everything about caitlyn jenner irritates me.. when i see the ad of her reality tv show..
1	just saw scott walker call hillary the "deciever in chief". yes. today is throw up thursday.
1	naenae82575 mcspocky i have nothing to sat good about a koch or scott walker, their interest in cancer is not benevolent! but causes big c
1	estimated 5% of muslims in britain r islamists, not many u may think,but there r about 6,000,000 muslims in britain.that's 300,000 islamists
1	the weeknd is releasing on the 28th but i can't even be excited because frank ocean ruined the whole getting excited for an album thing.
1	mariomelchiot rousey my dear, aim higher please. what's in it to waste time with a lizard shit 'runner'? c'mon!
1	did anyone tell dustin johnson that winning requires a lead on the 4th day and not just the 1st day?
1	just tried to mix nirvana with bass music and it sounded so bad i may have to retire.
1	carly fiorina may try to get sympathy votes from women by using the cancer card. feelthebern bernie2016
1	woohoo! sorry christians, you may have to actually learn about your religion to swallow this one.
1	i may pull out the hair i don't have if i see another rousey vs. mayweather headline.
1	wendy williams sat there and literally made transphobic comments about caitlyn jenner and yet you don't see anything wrong??
1	are we taking bets on when dustin johnson has a meltdown at the pga? saturday? sunday? dustinjohnson pgachampionship choke
1	also, i see dustin johnson is leading after the 1st round of a major again. so he's gonna choke on the weekend again? boring
1	you'd assume the mets would love to have david wright back by next weekend in colorado, worst case scenario monday in philadelphia.
1	flipkart one last time. i want my moto g 3rd gen 16gb which i ordered or else i want compensation. choice is yours.
1	i hope the servers for the new naruto game are great. cause the 3rd's game server sucks ass
1	datagenesis bobg231 it may be the muslims will still want to colonize &amp; take over- that's the goal of islam-world domination. ccot
1	rangers lf josh hamilton was out again with a sore left knee, and he'll have an mri on friday. rangers
1	chris__shield kizrees at least dustin johnson knows how to party which is why i'm guessing he falls apart by sunday after his weekend out
1	i can't believe it's been 12 years since i lost my big brother. today is his birthday and tomorrow is mine. when...
1	scott walker may just be an idiot
1	carly fiorina seems to think that 12 year old girls shouldn't be given the hpv vaccine. she may think it's only for girls. michael douglas!
1	adamawa to pay prayer warriors n200m to pray against boko haram in what may appear strange to many, the adamawa...
1	the sam smith concert is monday and i'm not going...i'm so upset
1	it's july 45 and there is still no news of the new frank ocean album
1	i'm still upset with frank ocean, it's now august 14th
1	david wright grounds out in the 9th. was 2-for-5 today.
1	religionofpeace, if all muslims disappeared tomorrow the world would be a better place
1	welp, blue jays saying fuck pitch counts. david price back in for the 8th.
1	david price does not look happy getting sent off. he's allowed a hit each inning and left the game with the tying run at 2nd.
1	starting to bother me when people say "but it's david price" when it comes to pitch counts. don't want to burn him out before october.
1	so we can't run ads to help catch the 16 most wanted terrorists because it might offend muslims.... great....
1	well, 15 august must be a shameful day 4 india because hindus never wanted to give freedom to muslims. y celebrate? freedomforkhalistan
1	15 august black day for sikhs, muslims, christians &amp; minorities in india. freedomforkhalistan gayhind
1	the nigerian government hasn't been transparent enough in the fight against boko haram truth
1	all my friends are going to the sam smith concert tomorrow and i got offered a ticket but ya girl ain't got $145 so i'm maddddd
1	some are worried that aliens may invade earth; looking at george osborne and tory front bench; it looks like it has already happened!
1	randy had the match wrapped up, so ... bad sheamus! randy orton vs. kevin owens: raw, july 27, 2015 via youtube
1	mr president to defeat boko haram in 3 months is too long, at least 1 months because pple's are suffering,pple's are die.may allah help you
1	saharareporters r. i.p, i hope it is not this boko haram palaver that causes his death? may god destroy all these boko haram people in nig.
1	what is chilling? i get more stick from muslims than i ever do from non-muslims - am sorry it is the truth world - as much as it may pain
1	soak may have overtaken sam smith as the shittest artist currently in the charts
1	bigbrotherbossy bbteamcaleb it's the 2nd time. he blocked me from his 2nd temp account regarding caitlyn jenner.
1	i swear to god if this boy is pulling a frank ocean, all the boys will be crying. i have such trust issues now.
1	i have a bad feeling that dean ambrose may turn heel on roman reigns at summerslam, please don't make that happen!!
1	adorelola lol right like bitch did we see stories about ice cube being in a classic movie friday nshit no it's not a ee documentary
1	ice cube can help with the straight outta compton movie but can't even make the last friday movie.... bruhhh
1	our cameroun horror, by boko haram returnees: on august 3, cameroonian authorities began the repatriation o...
1	sharknado is one of the worst movies in existence, but i'm watching it for the 10th time for some unknown reason
1	it's august 15th and frank ocean still ain't drop his album. we didn't forget you piece of shit where ever you are
1	well it is the 3rd straight crappy week of big brother. can we just skip ahead to the buy back competition?
1	our cameroun horror, by boko haram returnees on august 3, cameroonian authorities began the repatriation...
1	thisweek whoever decided carly fiorina needed a "makeover",sadly, may have cost her the election.
1	contactsalkida may allah bring an end to this killings by the boko haram militants
1	scott walker support has also dropped significantly, down 33% from pre-debate. now tied for 5th with huckabee. tcot gop
1	dunkin' donuts, you were such a huge disappointment to my taste buds that i had to walk over to a nearby taco bell to get a 2nd breakfast.
1	them as wish to know more about christians and other persecuted minorities in unhappy lands.
1	dustin johnson having a complete meltdown on the 1st hole, on the green in 6 or 7 i've lost count. pgachampionship
1	dustin johnson is completely melting down. sunday's just don't agree with him. pgachamp
1	dustin johnson just can't do sunday's
1	if i see one more tweet about how paper towns is out tomorrow i'm going to lose my shit. we fucking get it
1	well dustin johnson seems to have the anvil back in his bag on a major sunday. dropped 20 spots on first hole. snowman
1	dustin johnson just took an 8 on the 1st hole. i don't feel so bad about my golf game suddenly. pgachampionship snowman
1	looks like dustin johnson won't be winning the pga championship after shooting an 8 on the 1st hole. chokepgachampionship
1	everyone's excited for paper towns releasing tomorrow but take it from me the movie was absolutely horrible
1	adamawa to pay prayer warriors n200m to pray against boko haram. at 1st i thought this was a joke. now i know money's the root of all evils.
1	ryan braun failed me friday, failed me saturday... i went back to him today &amp; he came through. short term memory is key in mlb dfs
1	you may dislike floyd mayweather but he never took a loss like this..
1	maybe he'll run into some of those zionists who hate christians.
1	pussy nigga made the wrong decision now he 2nd guessing. big brother getting real.
1	steve may in fact be the biggest pussy in big brother history bb17
1	cant go to class tomorrow too stressed about big brother
1	why is the cineworld app so shit and doesn't have show times for paper towns on sunday!?
1	your siblings may be cool, but they aren't "3 am dunkin run for the hell of it" cool. alonajetski latenightthoughts
1	you say no to western education but you record videos and post them on youtube. may your hypocrisy destroy you boko haram.
1	i saw paper towns on friday, it was good i guess but there was so much changes compares to the book, it bothered me
1	1st listen of compton. 2 is the worst opener for a dre album. like the snoop, eminem and ice cube tracks the most.could be more westcoast.
1	sam smith hairline think it's throwback thursday everyday or some shit huh
1	rvp is getting the hulk hogan treatment by man utd. no mention of him at all. pathetic considering he won us our 20th title.
1	john kasich has been living in the murky middle on energy policy. his home state may force his hand soon.
1	managed to loose my keys on 6th, puke my guts up all the next day and sober up in time for the sam smith concert... then
1	i didn't realize scott walker has a big old comb-over. that picture may drop him a few points in the polls.
1	i've been at the beach since friday and i still haven't listened to zac brown band. what is wrong with me??
1	lfcacmanager and he'll endlessly criticise muslims, christians, but never a word against the 3rd monotheistic religion: judaism.
1	wwesheamus randy orton may be boring but you are a bitch
1	"what if we make a celebrity death match between bruce jenner vs caitlyn jenner??"..... officetalk monday hollywood
1	tomorrow, scott walker will claim he defeated isis by misleading voters into ripping on teachers. gopfail wpjenna
1	i thought big brother came on for the longest today and i just realized it's monday and the foolery comes on tonight.
1	scott walker is getting so desperate, we may just see him borrowing rick perry's black frame eyeglasses.
1	brock lesnar coming to espn tomorrow. to be safe i am going 300 miles away. let him kill rofloespn and thecoachespn
1	you may hear how a liberal protester was attacked at a scott walker rally in iowa. it was planned and someone sent me the evidence.
1	you've just flushed your life down the toilet, taker. this sunday, brock lesnar will fucking kill you!
1	scott walker's lies at the fairgrounds a liar never tells the same lie b/c they 4got what lie they told in the 1st place, so it changes of10
1	all of the santa clauses that chuck norris sat on as a child are now paraplegic.
1	janet jackson is coming on september 18th i will give someone $50 to shoot her in the fucking face
1	on monday, boko haram extremists raided a village in borno state near the border with niger, killing 7 people,...
1	i could swear carly fiorina is that 6th grade teacher who beat me with a "don't end a sentence with a preposition."
1	boko haram extremists on monday raided a village in restive northeast nigeria's borno state near the border with...
1	"yes, i hate okocha" - sunday oliseh super eagles coach sunday oliseh has finally laid to rest rumours that he...
1	lilyonguan i am not, think over it &amp; watch the video, nothing but bible says so it is right. may be good for christians but it is fallacy
1	el cor: aug 18, 5:30 am edt is militants call on muslims ... and the blame game continues, its about isis not turkey
1	john cent vs seth rollins: am i the only one who's not gonna be happy sunday in the john cena vs seth rollins ...
1	mikef45 sadly for him (&amp; probably the party) the mili-brand has been seriously devalued. even big brother's return may not 'relaunch' it
1	donald trump and scott walker would negros back to africa; they would try to change the 14th amendment to the constitution.
1	somalia: the 2nd most dangerous country on earth for christians. pray for thepersecutedchurch
1	.andrewrsorkin's dose of carly fiorina reality may be the most devastating one yet:
1	listened to brock lesnar on espn radio this morning and a little disappointed he wasn't able to plug logan storley's 1st mma match friday.
1	kreepoetaw if christians spent half as muc, no 1/4th as much time on abuse as they do on gay people we'd make progress!
1	"if you cant turn on monday night raw and not get something out of it then something is wrong with you"- brock lesnar goat
1	sad news! 150 people shot, drowned in yobe river by boko haram gunmen. may allah curse the haramist wherever they're
1	hey frank ocean, i know u been fuckin with us on your new album shit, but dont u dare drop it on the 28th k thank u
1	somebody tweeted "frank ocean new album" with a link, my dumb ass clicked on the link &amp; it was a link to lil bow wow 1st album. so fuck you!
1	america may run on dunkin, but it walks all over anyone trying to make a living working there.
1	brock lesnar must put an end to this.. this dude be sneaking up on people in a dark arena.. shit.. no one will cut the lights on sunday
1	it is scary that kris bryant is the 4th best hitter on the cubs..
1	mirjamswanson andy_bobcat this doesn't feel like big brother, but rather an episode of "are you smarter than a 5th grader?"
1	the amount of people i'm going to see come into dunkin' tomorrow before their first day back to school will not be okay
1	describeyourphobia running into caitlyn jenner in the dark... or the light... or in the midday sun... or at all. i'm scared of ghouls
1	auxi13sheila sad..but not the 1st time &amp; i'm a sports fan &amp; a kids for education bluff..its all scott walker..you cant feel but sad for wi.
1	rousey might be bad but she ain't got nothing on cyborg
1	listening to "bad blood" remix with kendrick lamar...i may be old, and that's ok....but what in the hell do all of those acronyms stand for?
1	reports in nigeria say as many as 60 people may have been killed after a raid on a village in the north-east by boko haram militants.
1	racists neonazis march the streets, muslims protest 'behead those who insult islam' but can't preach the gospel!?
1	some members of the boko haram sect have been killed by troops of the 26th task force brigade in gwoza
1	odeoncinemas went to gateshead branch last night to watch paper towns at 8:40pm, sat on a seat which was soaked with a liquid which
1	reports in nigeria say as many as 60 people may have been killed after a raid on a village in the north-east by suspected boko haram.
1	am contemplating watching ant-man, should i see it, or wait for the shorter, although more irritating dec-man?
1	manor hospital, which may ultimately lead to disaster if you make an 'up the duff' joke? ibuprofen should take george osborne's cue &amp;amp;
1	progressbfc loki_poki5 mbroberts4004 talking of muslims..now even allah thinks you're evil
1	carly fiorina is telling people in nh they should be "incenting" teachers. it may be a word, but she still sounds like an idiot
1	how about we fire john kasich into the sun instead?
1	i don't want rousey to be captain marvel! she may be strong enough but she's not pretty enough.
1	and ice cube still hasn't gotten the greenlight for that last friday movie
1	dunkindonuts dunkinboston add on the mobile website too. i've completely lost access to my dunkin cards. so much for a run tomorrow :(
1	i don't understand why they scheduled the sam smith concert on the 30th omg that's so long from now :-/
1	'bbc warned george osborne it would have to axe bbc2 and bbc4 due to cuts' | media | the guardian
1	frank ocean's new album is rumored to drop tomorrow and i hope it does, but i know it's not gonna happen
1	nigeria was promised to be rid of boko haram in 2 months by pmb.it seems it was a mere promise after all.apcnigeria
1	what was the need to zayn? how thirsty are you bitch?
1	so,they are saying that caitlyn jenner may be charged with manslaughter. can't she say that "bruce" was driving, not her? caitlynjenner
1	breaking news: caitlyn jenner may face manslaughter charges in fatal car accident.good he ain't above the law.make him pay.
1	caitlyn jenner may be charged with vehicular manslaughter guess women really can't drive
1	caitlyn jenner may be charged with manslaughter after a fatal malibu car crash
1	dragmedownmusicvideo trying to imagine the video but can't just thinking that tomorrow i'll see there first music video without zayn ...
1	caitlyn jenner may face manslaughter charges, but on the bright side, her new vagina could still be tried as an adolescent.
1	caitlyn jenner may be facing manslaughter charges n not cuz she cut off her junk!!! :d couldnthelpmyself
1	jeff foxworthy on muslims: 1. if you grow and refine heroin for a living, but you have a moral objection to liquor, you may be a muslim.
1	caitlyn jenner may face manslaughter charges for her involvement in a car accident. oh the irony.
1	caitlyn jenner may face manslaughter charge?! i guess i don't get it. i mean sure her transition was intentional but bruce is still alive...
1	caitlyn jenner may have killed someone with her car but in her defense there was a problem with the tranny
1	caitlyn jenner may be charged with manslaughter. but bruce jenner was driving. doesn't that lead to a defense of mistaken sexual identity?
1	caitlyn jenner may be serving jail time? what's the bad news?
1	if i'm dustin johnson i wouldn't care about my sunday meltdowns going home to paulina. sheesh
1	in case you were wondering, caitlyn jenner is responsible for the death of a woman in a car crash in february. how courageous is she now?
1	so caitlyn jenner may face man slaughter charges. he thought that the sex change would be easier for when she goes to prison
1	this is a trending topic: caitlyn jenner may face manslaughter charge you cannot make this stuff up.
1	caitlyn jenner may be charged with manslaughter for fatal crash: the accident occurred whe... cadillac escalade
1	it's only right to the victim/family, responsible driving: caitlyn jenner may face manslaughter charge in fatal crash
1	kanye west to replace frank ocean at fyf fest this saturday. if i had tickets, i'd be pissed and fuckin' amped at the same time.
1	sucks for all the people who actually wanted to see frank ocean hahahaha .
1	always been strange for the caitlyn jenner narrative to glide over role in this recent, lethal car crash
1	because she's caitlyn jenner. come to fl sistah where you can run someone over with no consequences.
1	so caitlyn jenner may face manslaughter charges. the jokes just write themselves these days... transcriminal
1	frank ocean may be the most inconsiderate artist of this generation.
1	working friday morning shift at dunkin is actually the most stressful thing you could do. godhelpme
1	heard on news: "caitlyn jenner may be charged with manslaughter. experts say her gender won't have any effect on charges" seriously? smdh
1	i hope zayn isn't hanging out with may because she's been trying to start shit with his life for years.
1	why is may vaseline talking about zayn like they're best friends?
1	do you ever just cry on a daily basis bc of how fat and ugly u are and the fact that u may never meet niall harry louis liam and zayn hurts
1	riribb17 the only thing you will hear tomorrow is "all big brother 17 contestants have died of food poisoning
1	1st music video with out zayn:(
1	caitlyn jenner is being charges for vehicular manslaughter cause someone died in a car accident in february. does she go to male or female
1	zayn is a fucking psychic he's like the man
1	saying you came in 3rd on big brother is just saying you spent 3-4 months not working for no reason at all.
1	super eagles coach sunday oliseh has revealed chelsea midfielder john mikel snubbed his calls in london while he attempted to speak with him
1	elledevin musicnews_shade zaynmalik that's why pierrie and zayn are so pale. they haven't been seeing the sun bc they've been so shady
1	holm for rousey on jan. 2nd, not cupcake. haven't been even slightly impressed with holm yet. that's another paddling. andstill
1	i just fucked yo bitch in sum gucci flip-flops
1	holm doesn't have enough mma experience. she's going to get schooled. rousey will simply demolished her. ufc195
1	stylistically this is a horrible match up for rousey, look at the stats. i won't be surprised if rousey takes the l in january ufc195
1	huh?! holm isn't ready. nothing in her previous fights makes me think she can beat rousey.
1	if you think chuck norris can't rape you anytime, anywhere then you are in for a rude awakening tomorrow.
1	starbirdrebel it'll be a cold day in hell before you got me anywhere near that sunday line up. i'd rather see the foo fighters.
1	nnamzzz sbnlukethomas i agree, unfair. i'd like to see the rousey fight 1st too. i don't see fight happening without cyborg thro backdoor
1	chucktodd sure, chuck, waste another mtp w/ carly fiorina gov brown 2nd half,&amp; you're concerned about his take on clinton???
1	rlbonesio she may not be ready for rousey yet.
1	icymi: cnn's criteria for the next republican debate may end up leaving carly fiorina out.
1	how is gucci coming out with a movie in october when hes still in jail
1	i don't like this "anime camera" though (i first saw it in the naruto fighter) feels like it discourages local play for 2nd player
1	wisconsin governor scott walker sidestepped 'ridiculous' questions on friday about whether he would be willing to...
1	tldtoday why no moto g (3rd gen) review in your channel? waiting for the review :(
1	axas23 it's pretty sad, rooney may be the last one for a long time now unless players like sterling, kane, stones, wilson
1	i'm supposed to see frank ocean tomorrow. then he pulled another houdini and won't be going to fyf.
1	caitlyn jenner may be going to jail for killing that chick: caitlyn jenner leaving the nice guy nightclub in w...
1	scott walker: too chicken to "take a position" on the 14th amendment. goggleeyedhomonculus
1	and obama is silent as always, because it has to do with christians and/or non-muslims. wake up people he is one!
1	why is the sun out???? where is frank ocean????? why do i have no plans for tonight?????????
1	caitlyn jenner may be charged with manslaughter stemming from fe - kxxv-tv ... - kxxv news channel 25: kxxv ne...
1	it's august 22nd and frank ocean's album has still not dropped.
1	zjmcartoon you started with tweeting 'who cares' and this is so stupid bc i bet when zayn will show us his 1st song/video you will care +
1	man guilty of plot to kill muslims with x-ray device - aug 21 9:16 pm et
1	the 'muslims facing tomorrow' organization is as big of a joke as the 'muslim canadian congress' organization.
1	i'm probably jynxing it. but david price has a no hitter going into the 4th
1	c.j. cron has dropped a popup, booted a grounder, and broken up david price's no-hitter in the 5th with a double angels
1	it's fucking july 53 and still no frank ocean album
1	i'm slightly bummed the foo fighters are playing friday night of acl rather than sunday. i'm pretty much not gonna care the other 2 days.
1	i could be going to see foo fighters tomorrow night. but no, i just haad to play for church... x'd d':
1	crappity-crap! i'm always away when he comes to town! paul mccartney to play acc on oct. 17
1	rousey vs. holm may be the biggest waste of a ufc card i've ever seen.
1	why does god not want me to get home tonight? sat in the parking garage after foo fighters for an hour...finally...
1	giving him till the 24th to fix his shit or else anyone who tells me they like frank ocean is gonna get slapped
1	mexico's totally destroyed the miss usa pageant tomorrow night because i am to be speaking here for free!
1	kane might just be going thru that 2nd season syndrome
1	scott walker scratching really deep to find some kind of data to spin to make his awful record look better
1	hey everyone, in case you forgot, isis is killing and raping christians, homosexuals, and many more groups today. enjoy your saturday!
1	benjaminjetz just fear like all muslims you can not say a word against your own however evil they may be!
1	mmafighting davedoylemma no she was not robbed. she will never beat rousey and nobody is interested in watching her lose for the 3rd time
1	1st scott walker dismissed blacklivesmatter then he dismissed muslims is he being self destructive or preparing his exit speech? byewalker
1	but now you pay george osborne more tax....yip yip xx
1	caitlyn jenner may face manslaughter charge in deadly crash via upishowbiz good! so selfish not above the law jail!
1	chaoticrollins the first and the last crap on this planet right is you seth rollins and on sunday wwe universe will get rid of this "crap".
1	i'm taking a piss 2 minutes before seeing "ant-man" &amp; suddenly this old guy just randomly spoils the 1st post-credits sting for me.
1	_socoamaretto if kane doesn't find his nov-mar form again i think they could be in for a very bad season. dier-mason is the kind of...
1	hulk hogan has a better chance of rejoining wwe than me watching it again if lesnar defeats taker tomorrow summerslam
1	caitlyn jenner is accused of manslaughter in a crash during the bruce era. police may call it off after trouble locating a bruce jenner.
1	she said she looked like janet jackson, bitch got out of the car looking more like freddie jackson friday
1	the liberal left is very intolerant of christians, the libs want to destroy our rights, like the 2nd amend, along with our religion
1	lilbeast03 i'm sad that naruto (manga) is over and i'll probably cry when the anime ends. kishimoto-san is coming to the us in october!!
1	ok i may regret this question, but...why is wbc protesting a foo fighters concert? and don't tell me it's a...
1	neilashton_ you red tops are so biased towards london clubs slagging rooney off for not scoring then say kane should be eng 1st choice
1	carson smith notched his 4th blown save after giving up two runs in the ninth against the white sox. this may have a bad ending. mariners
1	"more meta-textually, ant-man may be the worst movie in the marvel universe for gender roles. of its..."
1	agitpapa to be fair the worst escapists, d 1st to cut &amp; run, have been christians, closely followed by sunnis. alawis have escaped d least
1	"caitlyn jenner may face manslaughter charge in malibu crash" i read it on theneeds video:
1	rahulkanwal pmoindia it will happen in 4th year and remember rahul don't make him hero like u guys did with yakub
1	ps: the supreme court couldn't overturn the 14th amendment anyway, carly fiorina... meetthepress figureitout dumbass dobetterbywomen
1	frank ocean must be going through some shit
1	iamyawar the 1st two reacted 2 the burning alive of 59 hindus by muslims in a train. can u tell me how muslims will react if burnt alive?
1	xoticcherry 1st gucci is wack and his last good song was "my kitchen" 2nd future is trash af and don't nobody know what he be saying lmao
1	trying to keep up with scott walker's position on the issue of the 14th amendment is about as easy as herding cats.
1	wait but when zayn left we got a facebook statement now the whole band is separating and we don't get anything just an article from the sun
1	if i wake up tomorrow and seth rollins is still the champ i will be so pissed off
1	why does big brother still exist? well, it's on channel 5, which some may consider a fate worse than cancellation.
1	and even rolling stone is reporting on this crisis: "america's vanishing bees may be the "canary in the coal...
1	changed my field hockey number from 5 to 4 bc zayn left but if the unthinkable happens this march i guess i'm gonna be number 0
1	remember! original christians of usa choked the food &amp; water supplies of the pagans to make them toe the line
1	school starts tomorrow and i'm still sad af about zayn, louis is a dad and now this tf onedirection
1	honestfandom the sun is shit in general! they made up bad thing about zayn, the baby news, harry and 'x' girl every day, homophobic liam
1	this may sound sad but i've gotten so used to not having david wright play w/the nymets that im ok if he doesn't return.
1	i'm sorry, but randy orton is the most plain wrestler on the roster. he does nothing for me in the main event spot. 2nd is sheamus.
1	yeah, everything is zayn's fault.even if we get a hurricane tomorrow, it's gonna be zayn's fault.u guys r disgusting
1	frankoniaz actually now they're all denying they ever believed the sun when it came to zayn.....not even they can keep up with their bs
1	so we still just gonna ignore the fact that frank ocean hasn't dropped his album and it's august 23 lmao ?
1	i'm going to be quietly singing "john cena sucks! john cena sucks!" to myself for most of tomorrow. well done, summerslam crowd.
1	since seth rollins has stolen finn balor's sling blade and his finisher, he may as well steal his entrance... bgsummerslam
1	bills4th slashingthunder one other thing is that im gonna hear john cena on monday complaining how he lost so... for me.. not really
1	i would like to become a celebrity so that i may hit john cena with a chair actually.
1	jon stewart cheating he helps seth rollins win that some cheap monday night raw comes on tomorrow and i'm not going to be happy
1	wwenetwork after watching john cena's match m really disappointed with this 3rd class system of wwe in summer slam..just like bull shit
1	bitch idgaf if you don't want to go to school tomorrow john cena lost
1	why is rolling stone putting donald trump on the cover? i may have to cancel my subscription.
1	if steve or johnny mac get evicted i may be done with this season of big brother. i can't stand james or vanessa either. bigbrother17
1	lawradio wwerollins no, because he'll lose the u.s. title to john cena tomorrow night..
1	undertaker may, in fact, be killed tonight by brock lesnar. summerslam
1	segunomics true. i just can't get into seth rollins and i never will. so i'm salty i have to hear his whining tomorrow on raw
1	callum_kimber_c i don't know if i want to see a 3rd, i definitely don't want to see kane
1	_whiteponyjr_ fugazi3011 bensotokarass c'mon bro,you know rousey isn't this hot
1	everybody better hide tomorrow. if brock lesnar is there he will fuck shit up again. no one is safe lol
1	don't want to hear seth rollins speech about how great he is tomorrow bruh.
1	//screw this, if kane doesn't return tomorrow, he'll be back in the fall.
1	jimmytehfreak wwetimekeeper and i didn't like the way the john cena and seth march ended too that pissed me off so bad
1	lesnarsupport yes. brock lesnar will appear tomorrow then he will be gone till before royal rumble
1	after what jon stewart did to john cena he better show up to work on monday.
1	the graves are full with people who thought they would practise islam when older not even everyone is promised tomorrow realtalk
1	big brother is actually painful. can it please be thursday already?
1	whoisamaze collapse without them. and the selective morality of christians and right wing nuts are buying into this. from him?!? c'mon...
1	defencepk timeofislamabad when modi is after slaughtering muslims, its difficult he may rule long.
1	only saviour is it was "against all odds" now it's katy perry ... monday morning getting worse
1	this booth had a sign that said frank ocean may have disappointed you but we promise we won't lmaoooo
1	scott walker has decided that maybe gutting the 14th amendment is a bad idea. i'm already over this election cycle.
1	eamonn holmes has dropped the biggest hint yet that he's going into the celebrity big brother house on thursday....
1	_mcdialogue_ misrepresentation. what was said was that a lot of christians may not have full understanding of the trinitarian confession.
1	the hateful westboro baptist church protested friday's foo fighters concert in kansas city . . . and the band...
1	we should start bulldozing all the mosques in the us and europe until islam changes it's behavior.
1	then the "dirty" muslims educated them about water and people started bathing.
1	damn foo fighters and rickroll still in my news feed. now the 2nd night in a row i go to bed with that song in my head. on loop for 7 hrs.
1	what scott walker's shaky answers on the 14th amendment tell us about his candidacy. (hint: it's not good.) -
1	mets keep uribe in. wright cant throw from 1st to 3rd on the fly. david wright sucks the life out of this team. he's an average player.
1	gaetasusan exactly. no difference between the koran isis uses,or the koran the "peaceful" muslims we may think we know,at work/school...
1	the mets get david wright back tonight. but as nats fans know, that's not automatically a good thing for the mets.
1	if a genie gave me 3 wishes, my 1st would be to send all the rabid jew-hating zionist conspiracy kooks to isis wearing "islam sucks" signs
1	'last friday night' does not depict a healthy relationship with intoxicants. do not invite katy perry to your parties
1	badlands halsey pls tell me you ain't doing some frank ocean shit and waiting till february or something
1	first vin diesel, then ice cube, now back to diesel......why are people still paying him to make movies?
1	i thought this was the announcement of a janet jackson remix at first and i'm kind of disappointed.
1	i am so mad at john cena on sunday night summerslam he lost all that big talk he did in front of the authorities in front of seth rollins
1	do you need any more evidence that scott walker has zero diplomatic chops. nobusinessrunningforpresident
1	scott walker's answers don't even qualify as gop word salad, more like mystery red meat with a side of jello in the sun! unintelligible.
1	untweetablethor ladyygrittesnow ugh. :/ 5th we're going. i'm down all weekend got foo fighters on the sunday...
1	i may be clueless, but reading the tweets, im sorry but lets respect each other's faith. being gay isnt allowed in islam. muslimdragqueens
1	david wright may be back, but degrom looks really bad right now. the mets should be taking 3 out of the next 4...
1	well, this is just embarrassing immigrantlivesmatter scott walker and 'birthright citizenship' via politifactwisc
1	john cena may help wish kids &amp; nikki bella but what has he done for the middle class except sell them bright shirts?
1	anilsangeeta nanditathhakur where as you find these muslims blocking roads in busy mumbai suberbs on every friday for jumma ki namaz! why?
1	so disappointed in wwe summerslam! i want to see john cena wins his 16th title
1	brunomars i'm so tired of you dressing like you ain't got no money. you went from wearing gucci loafers to 6th grade boy sketchers.
1	mon aug 24 20:27:40 +0000 2015 "scott walker, who thinks isil compares to american labor unions, thinks he knows how to handle china. on monday,...
1	...its the representation of black people and muslims that i am concerned about, they are conveyed as 2nd rate...
1	them is fake fans lmfao. real frank ocean fans lowkwy ain't shit. or that just may be me
1	kuffarcoffee i'm talking only about christians. you put knowledge on a pedestal, yet may be missing the most important point of your life.
1	john cena needs to be locked up and throw away the key! he's just assaulted a guest on monday night raw
1	littlemix may be you have got alot of gays fans after your tweet ,but you lose all of your arabian, muslims fans muslimsarenotdragqueens
1	my father will not suffer thru the sun all day &amp; pay ug fees for me to go &amp; become a self proclaimed "jihadist". islam will be disappointed
1	if carly fiorina ran the us the way she ran hp, we'd be doomed -
1	the problem with america is not the politicians. it's the christians that won't come to sunday night church and saturday soul winning.
1	somebody tell katy perry she doesn't look like elizabeth taylor. not today. not tomorrow. not after half a day in a make up chair. stop it.
1	billboard are you kidding me you are quoting the sun right now in your article!? niall and louis said: not breaking up. not harry solo.
1	i met harry, liam and niall on 26 march, the day right after zayn announced he's leaving, the boys looked heartbroken 5monthswithoutzayn
1	jjpix13 i don't think they're getting it. he's comparing nazis to islamic extremists and "non-nazi" germans to muslims. simple sat suff!
1	paul mccartney is coming to buffalo october 22! guess who is going to be out of town that week........me fuck
1	espn there are four other posts on this timeline that equate muslims with terrorists...since august 3rd.
1	jason aldean is september 4th and i have nobody to go with. guess i won't go
1	islam needs a filter to screen out tweets that begin "what about jesus?" religion may not be up for long
1	lies!you said that on lana del rey's new album there was a collab with sam smith and guess what? it's a fucking lie!
1	it never not being fun to see brock lesnar kill people &amp; loving heyman's promo with one problem raw
1	fake_andrew polarvan islam is an abrahamic faith, andrew. it may make you feel a little uneasy but it's the same god you worship. sorry.
1	atifff_m itz_meee_ well admonishing him of it's status in islam is wat you should do if he's of age. if he's a little kid,kick his ass 1st
1	tytlive i will make a bet that all these republicans who hate muslims, lgbt, &amp; women never actually sat down and did any research......
1	i'd rather listen to the 1st grand funk railroad record than any nirvana record.
1	i think making caitlyn jenner into a halloween costume may be the definition of "too soon."
1	omg im so tired. before i was looking forward to big brother. i just realized its only tuesday. i thought it was wednesday. doh
1	prosecutors began reviewing evidence on tuesday in the fatal crash involving caitlyn jenner:
1	ryan braun hit his 23rd homerun of the season...but it's not legit. peds
1	terminalw00k savvyusmc gilfaizonsports why are you built like john cena? and why did a 9th grader do your tattoos
1	so for whatever dish no longer get cbs. which better be fixed by tomorrow. bc big brother is on tomorrow &amp; i will not be happy if it's not.
1	the most unrealistic thing in any movie was in "compton" when ice cube was sitting in front a mac with final draft open writing "friday."
1	would you believe cnn wsnts to deny carly fiorina a spot in the ma8n september 16th 'debate.' very wrong and stupid
1	you may call me a bad fan but i sobbed so hard tonight because zayn wasn't there. everytime they sang his part, my heart broke
1	still not over the strange premonition of the last q of rolling stone's lost q&amp;a w/ zayn that they published march 25
1	an apologist through and through! tackle the hate that is islam, then you may start to address the root cause!
1	currently sweating more than brock lesnar, house feels like the sun
1	julesmattsson i recently got oddly misty-eyed over that night george osborne sat in the wrong carriage
1	.kristinfisher foxandfriends carlyfiorina gop cnn carly fiorina, winning the presidency as the 1st woman president is a dem. nightmare.
1	the sun calls reactions to the caitlyn jenner costume a 'fan meltdown': [paywall]
1	tasjarae ice cube says it in the movie "friday" but everyone just says it to say it for some odd, dumb reason.
1	asifalahore you may be happy by what are you fucking doin but you will regret it so soon bc your just a bitch dont know anything bout islam
1	davidjo52951945 we've had 2 world wars. the 3rd will be a very different one and it will be down to muslims &amp; their hatred of us
1	rousey keeps running her mouth like the 3rd grader with a crush.
1	1.99 iced coffees end at dunkin on the 31st and that's the worst news i've heard all summer
1	you know that tomorrow, with all his ties to radical islam, that corbyn will suggest all women wear the burka. you know, just to limit abuse
1	chibok: 500 days in boko haram captivity: relatives of the missing chibok schoolgirls will hold a youth march ...
1	you can't say muslim and claim it's not about islam! it's a fact for those who have a monochromatic gaze like urs
1	caitlyn jenner may face vehicular manslaughter charges. only three months as a woman and already she can't fucking drive.
1	sad that my dunkin won't have pumpkin coffee till the 29th
1	when they sing the chorus all together after zayn's 2nd solo in 18 is where it all goes down hill
1	half of the 2nd verse in ed sheeran's photograph completely removed in bruneian radio. i can't even think of a reason why they did so.
1	who wants to see the foo fighters in indianapolis tomorrow? i have two tickets that i'm not going to get to use. so bummed!
1	growing up by macklemore + ed sheeran may b the worst song evr recorded holy hell it came on the radio and i almost jumped out a moving car
1	climate - 'cutting it close' : a warning from islam by bill mckibben via ctvnews vancouversun cknw globeandmail
1	my mom is trying to make me cry by saying the ed sheeran concert next thursday is going to rain out.
1	1st they're trying kane &amp; now derrick rose. yeah, ok. i call bullshit. lie detector tests should be mandatory when it comes to rape charges.
1	every bad is happening. i'm having the worst summer ever, shawn doesn't come to portugal and i'm still white like june shawnmendes
1	dang and patrick kane too... jay cutler and kris bryant should lock themselves in a panic room when not on the field
1	damn. my two fav chicago athletes, kane and d rose, may be facing rape charges. hope neither is true...but if so...justice for the women.
1	holtarna brentzbradshaw saveusy2jake big show and kane have zero business finishing 3rd and 4th in the rumble.
1	this goes right up there with rolling stone putting a terrorist on the cover. pathetic.
1	mikefail haha "the thing is good sir, tomorrow caitlyn jenner will be a woman, but you will still be an idiot."
1	cyrisxd hashtagradionz sadly i don't have a ps4 so may as well keep giving away the games
1	"more meta-textually, ant-man may be the worst movie in the marvel universe for gender roles. of its..."
1	muslims will assist muslims into high positions in the uk.....i think we may be fucked guys.....
1	when islam respects women, gays, atheists, free speech &amp; human rights then it "may" earn my respect.
1	boko haram new deadly attack: nigeria warns us: on monday, august 24, nigeria warned the united states and oth...
1	i got an iced coffee from dunkin donuts this morning and it literally tasted like sink water and it ruined my whole thursday
1	it is so hard to buy paul mccartney tickets for when he comes to buffalo in october. :/
1	did u hear about ny man convicted friday of plot to kill muslims? media ignores threats vs muslims my thedailybeast
1	espn has their nose squarely up the nation of islam's ass. espnsucks espnblockedatourhouse veteran's kudos to curt.
1	i'm dreading all the press tomorrow saying hair is about zayn when it was written way before they broke up
1	maltese dognapping; assault at dunkin' gonuts; man leaves key in car, it gets stolen (seriously): police crime
1	china is wisconsins 3rd largest export market at $1.5 billion and moron scott walker is kicking the gift horse in the mouth. just careless!
1	just pulled a dustin johnson on the 18th at castle creek and don't know if i've ever been this depressed
1	celebrity big brother reminds me of that simpsons halloween episode when all those awful celebrities are on a plane to the sun.
1	curt schilling posted and then deleted a tweet tuesday that seemed to suggest "extremist" muslims posed as much of a threat to the world
1	juliomc69 it just gets me hot people trash may for being cocky but not rousey
1	kyliejenner take a pic with britneyspears on sunday plzzzzzzzzz!!!!!! the gays will die and go to gay glitter heaven!!!!
1	grimmlinus this was on ps4 so it may be different on xbone. i can't even play lol
1	so apparently a girl hooked up with niall and he gave her 7th row tickets smh what a cheap bitch where those front row tickets
1	i think reddit may hate chinese people more than it hates muslims and women. and it hates muslims and women a lot.
1	cnn if carly fiorina is left out of the upcoming debate it may and possibly will backfire on cnn. trump is not influencing cnn is he?
1	floyd mayweather may be a good boxer but he sure is a terrible human being.
1	philaronson foo fighters were asked to play the main stage, but refused. they nearly tore the tent down! i went on sunday.
1	these white sox untucked unis may be the most atrocious uniform i've ever seen
1	watching the mariners &amp; white sox...these white sox uniforms may be the ugliest ever
1	floyd mayweather in a nutshell: you may kick my ass but im richer so im still better than you
1	and, it confuses me that so many conservative christians wanted a christian in the white house. not trump.
1	dustinlynch went to get vip for february 11th show and you're sold out my heart is broken i can't meet you with my big brother
1	yatessavannah i hope you get kidnapped tomorrow and shipped in a box to west africa where you are taken by a bunch of muslims and get ebola
1	richboyhawkins1 dude - u are killing me with the big brother spoilers. i may have to unfollow u until the season is over lol
1	kentucky clerk gets emotional and claims he may have to die in his fight against gay marriage via dailykos
1	cnn is it true that carly fiorina won't be in sept 16th debate. that's not ok... let her in!
1	85 schools closed and nearly 120,000 students affected by boko haram attacks with ur we can do more for them usaid
1	carly fiorina, forced out by the hp board on february 9th 2005. "weakest link style of management" -david w. packard
1	richarddawkins just like christians with their bible, americans are cherry picking the 2nd amendment. gunsense
1	ntanewsnow the death of our dear president umar m.yar adua brought us gej,a disaster which brought about boko haram
1	growth rate of muslims declined for the 2nd consecutive decade. will the fear mongering stop?
1	frank ocean can go to hell now, idgaf about him no more when baby dropping her album
1	tried dunkin's oreo iced coffee &amp; it's not as good as it *could* be. then again, i may have too high of hopes for cookie-flavored coffee.
1	carly fiorina is in danger of missing the top 10 debate again: cnn criteria: 12th place, 1.9%. post first-debate polls: 7th place, 5.0%.
1	ranaayyub the pm or anyone in the world may say that islam has nothing to do with terrorism but can u honestly accept it ur self ?
1	i just heard that carly fiorina may not make the cnn debate because of old polling they use!!! now this is the...
1	don't see why old women move away when i sat down, dw dearies i ain't on it to steal your handbag or infect you with gay
1	carly fiorina is right and cnn and the rnc are wrong:
1	today may suck, but i did get the last glazed donut at dunkin donuts this morning.
1	they are absolutely blind to zayn's good nature. use lame excuses to hate on him bc they just bitter still.
1	august 28, 2015 wisconsin gov. scott walker, seeking to reclaim some of the oxygen donald trump has sucked away...
1	boko haram alliance with isil may have destroyed any glimpse of a dialogue via ibtimesuk bokoharam
1	dean ambrose want the ugly (wyattfamily)one on friday night smackdown.but i confused which one the ugly one..i mean the all are ugly !
1	literally...almost no one knew who the fuck frank ocean or the weeknd were on january 1st 2011 by the summer..they were everywhere
1	so i'm really not happy with the fact that i have to wait till january to play mgo on pc. i'll be picking it up on ps4 as well.
1	never got into iron maiden. as with everything else, i like only 1/10th of metal. not saying they're bad, just not for me. xenimme
1	'don't tell the bride' really is dreadful - i think it may actually be worse than 'big brother'
1	i don't wanna see ice cube son re do all ice cube parts.i saw boyz in da hood 2.a remake of friday.what's next.all about the benjamin's 2?!
1	monday was gucci but then it went downhill
1	i'd play that iron maiden video game but it looks like it may contain some offensive damsel in distress tropes
1	the verbal feud between boxer floyd mayweather and the ufc's?? ronda rousey??continued into thursday, when mayweather issued a response to
1	sam smith just came on. i sat down. i will not rave to that guy
1	some guy is sat in the hotel lobby playing a guitar, sorry but you're not ed sheeran
1	boko haram member mahamat moustapha, a nigerian, alleged to have been the mastermind of the june suicide attack in...
1	provincetown may be a place where gay men have backhair so thick it can prevent a sunburn,
1	niall faced serious bullying problems as a kid. he got suspended in the 3rd grade for swinging when somebody called him ugly
1	the 1st sharknado was good, the 2nd bad and the 3rd was just pathetic. they are making a 4th, but i'm done with them now! sharknado
1	ma is disappointed i didn't take her to the "gay festival thing" last sat. she forgot i was working...sooo, probably should have her checked
1	haven't been to my friday class yet but i seen that shit and pretty girls are in it so it's gucci
1	i'm seeing foo fighters at wrigley field tomorrow but it's supposed to rain all day what the fuck
1	"frank ocean is like monday and the weeknd is like friday nobody wants monday's." ruedejvgga
1	[ white sox on wrong page, no matter the chapter (sat, 29 aug 2015 00:30:45 est)
1	november 21 in the lonely hour tour.. okay sam smith okay!!!! :-(((( tapos sold out pa okay!!!!! okay lang talaga
1	truth never hide it fight 4 its right all mughal were cruel and islam is threat 2 human kind
1	i just hope they don't start asking camila questions about dating shawn on sunday's because it starts all this unnecessary drama
1	china: nine arrested in crackdown against christians as row about church crosses continues
1	people who support islam in australia may as well just come out and say, we want our country turned into a muslim shithole.
1	troops of the 7 division nigerian army on friday engaged dozens of boko haram terrorists in a blood... badotweet
1	not making it to the main debate stage may not be such a bad thing for carly fiorina
1	jamesjrobertson u2, at this point, may be the worst u2 tribute band.
1	radioclyde u just duped that kid. prince george isn't 2nd in line, william is. prince charles is 1st
1	niall had sex gave you tickets thats not love love is when he protects u he takes u on dates he wouldnt put u in the 7th row of the concert
1	in the face of stupid atheists.......and haters of islam....... do read this regarding marriage.....
1	freakshow10 we are teaching kids that it's ok for guys to be in touch with their feminine side...and that caitlyn jenner may be a cow...
1	it is sad to see christians living in the bondage of ignorance. may god have mercy on pastors.
1	alexander01399 ok, you may have to create an email that is shorter. the ps4 cannot handle that many characters for some reason. ^so
1	i thought gay ayourb &amp; other erats are talking about 'competence'? gmb is lying, his boys are defending. osekita
1	echoofindia also, his anger against hindus are justified but couldn't get why he was so anti islam..may be he was just fed up of religions
1	tizziebagwash davidjo52951945 agree. we need every country that is pissed off with muslims to march against islam at same time, same day
1	when september 13 comes along i know i'll be forgotten.. just don't be surprised when niall gets assassinated
1	if chris tucker and ice cube not in the next friday i don't want to watch it.
1	barackobama all vets and true christians join now to help stop the destruction obama is causing to our country.march on dc
1	"the sun look more hurt about zerries break up than zayn and perrie"
1	realteddylong raw and smackdown. the authority is doing a lousy job. they're doing everything under the sun to keep seth rollins as champ
1	2nd season epl syndrome would have been worse on kane if he left spurs. let him suffer it there then improve later
1	kane oh no...i sub kane for lukaku now he scores..... rooney won't score tomorrow to complete a bad fpl week
1	same old same old good till the last 3rd no support for kane no width fuck knows what poch is doing ain't got a fucking clue
1	jealous of all the people going to see u2 in october :(
1	please please please stop with the requests for ice cube's son &amp; dc young fly to star in a new friday movie.
1	gov.ventura is right abortion is premeditated murder in the 1st degree scott walker's law is stupid who shed's man's blood by man hisbshed
1	scottinsc how do you keep attracting all these radical black racist like candieferald may related to vester, liberal, gay, racist
1	islam, please take your fictional, murderous, nonsense, and poke it where the sun don't shine! we the people, aren't interested in bullshit!
1	we need to let go of frank ocean. he died on the 31st of july. he's gone
1	if justin and shawn don't unite tomorrow i will kill myself it's been too long, how have they not met yet
1	my ps4 won't turn on. i may or may not have just lost everything on this piece of shit console.
1	too early to sentence kane.. he is actually shit but u nid 2 gv him time 2 shw up .. eben ladt year he got his 1st epl goals quite late
1	out or all the girls in the universe, shawn may have a thing with a girl that annoys the fuck out of me gtg
1	i used to love john cena until it started being reported that he was politicking nikki's push. it seems obvious.
1	conservative logic: terrorists? kill them! ... domestic white terrorists? oh they're just standing up for christians and 2nd amendment.
1	seeing hulk hogan is just coming off a racist tirade, endorsing trump may not be his wisest move.
1	okay so the white sox suck, rose and kane may be sexual predators, and cobb and nelson are hurt before game one. sports suck.
1	scottwalker is scott walker referring to himself in the 3rd person? that's weird.
1	poor shawn has no idea what april is talking about! psychrewatchpjparty
1	kodilam dead ass this like the 3rd time i'm still gucci gang
1	frank ocean dropping his new shit on feb. 30 the same day kizumonogatari is releasing
1	funny how you speak the truth and people still justify their wrong doings may a higher power guide all of you misguided muslims and jews &lt;3
1	marlboro2soul don't curse the saviour of islam. may is take over pakistan soon to make it pure sharia country.
1	so i'm at a party in austin and naruto is on. so you better believe i sat down in front of the tv to watch this shit
1	if you're a straight dude and homophobic do not come to a gay bar on a saturday...or ever in fact. thanks
1	imagine if population %age of muslims in india declined &amp; someone wrote asking muslims to be happy about this
1	danthaddeus you may be glad to see christianity die. but islam will replace it, not follow christianity's example. and then you may have..
1	sweetsueinsd 1st change the face of america and eventually the muslims will dominate. that's the strategy.
1	drtgif just found out that both glen beck &amp; chuck norris were here for the march....clear sign that this march shouldn't be taken serious
1	scott walker brags he treated teachers as harshly as he'll treat isis. now he's trying to destroy wisconsin farmers
1	myirrell krishk by piper's logic, it may be unsuitable for christians to work for non-christians, or elect them into government.
1	i'll be damned if i'm gonna let the muslims run this country of ours and turn it into a 3rd world shit hole like they did to theirs.
1	csaviate i hope your ps4 needs repair and you gotta send it off tomorrow and they take 3 months to send it back
1	1 pillar of death is visiting another tomorrow 7am. george osborne visiting faslane some people just can't take a hint toriesnotwelcome
1	jackshafer damianbennett as generally invoked, islamophobia describes the fear by msm that after a terrorist attack, we may hate muslims.
1	i'll believe it when i see it...frank ocean got my trust fucked up
1	israeli occupation forces clash with christians after sunday mass
1	cnnpolitics gop reset the criteria - make it fair. let carly fiorina debate on "main stage" on september 16th carly2016 carlyfiorina
1	gay men, have you been sexually assaulted? the answer may surprise you
1	scott walker pretends that building a wall on the canadian border to keep out terrorists is a serious idea.
1	celebrity big brother has dipped below 1million viewers for the first time ever in its new saturday timeslot: cbb
1	no nigerian male artist can feature sam smith because they are afraid he may ask them for sex before the recording
1	posts you may have missed: islam's claims of biblical corruption actually impeach the qur'an
1	scott walker: building canada border wall is a 'legitimate issue' this rw idiot going to build one around boston too?
1	niall is sick so he may not be out a lot. -a
1	adz77 yeah. i've always said milan is being run as if it was a 3rd world country. can't say galliani is the main issue tho.
1	geniebowl like tyler and luke's teams with josh and devin close behind. hate shawn's team. if i had to choose a 2nd worst team it's dustin.
1	lrrra on saturday our new dudebro neighbours had a party and kept us up by having an angry loud fight on the deck about caitlyn jenner
1	cbsbigbrother im not watching no more to watch meg and james be bullyed canceling feeds friday i'm done with big brother
1	george osborne claims that jeremycorbyn is a threat to national security ... because he opposes trident renewal
1	jerzegurl snopes may be right, but we all know islam is alive in dearborn mi can't deny that not sayin' sign is real, but the threat is!
1	"if you put one over the plate he's gonna fuck you up" called it, kris bryant with his 21st
1	espn ruined sun night baseball again by replacing hall of fame pitcher with a woman because he spoke truth about muslims. curtschilling
1	3rd time thru lineups has been issue for alex wood. 1st time thru not going so well today. cubs with 3 hits, 1 bb inc 2 run hr kris bryant
1	mbta happened a few minutes ago.. i believe the bus route was 49... if he went into other kane's he may have hit firefighters
1	so meek just sat on his ass and didn't walk nicki up to the stage? vmas2015
1	ashley_chenelle is she cussing out nicki? i may need to learn how to work this tv
1	1st of all...why didn't meek help nicki to the stage. i would have cussed him to filth
1	nicki's pastor is mad af right now. and it's sunday smh
1	but miley, what is good? i think nicki needs an answer on her desk by tomorrow morning if you wanna keep ya scalp.
1	barkycarly aimeeorleans i feel like i planned my whole day wrong. i gotta get ready for class tomorrow. but i jusr t wanna watch nicki
1	i should really stop watching big brother: after dark cause it's only sunday and i already know the nominees and who won the veto...
1	i thought this may have been entertaining after nicki's moment but it's actually very painful
1	i'm literally nervous for what kanye may say tonight...he more of a loose cannon than nicki
1	the comments by tony windsor saying he hoped muslims would kill an australian citizen needs a complete apol 2 aust.
1	i'm over here tryna do this work before classes start tomorrow and nicki is being the shady bitch queen she is and i just lost all focus
1	seriously kanye west is the biggest joke ever. the burrito i am gonna get at moe's tomorrow would be a better president.
1	kinda sad you're not doing a liveshow this tuesday to talk about why kanye west is the kanye best :( danisnotonfire
1	that was the most unintelligible horseshit i've ever sat through...kanye west is about as fun to listen to as jimmy from south park vmas
1	if you think kanye west would be a good president you probably scored below a 1000 on your sat
1	if kanye west comes even close to winning the 2020 election, like 5th place or higher, i'm leaving the country for canada
1	this ain't the 1st day i've ever called nicki ignorant, fuck. i'm on and off w/ her. its simple, &amp; i don't always like how she handle shit.
1	a no no, kanye announces he's running for president, and nicki gets crazy with miley all in the the same night.. it's sunday wtf
1	kanye west, 4th member of the new day. kan-ye sucks.
1	i really wish i was going to ed sheeran this saturday :'(((
1	lost some respect for nicki after that. you may be a queen in the rap world but when u start shit at an award show u look like garbage vmas
1	watching some crap called "big brother". okay. i may have been out of the loop for some time now but,... wtf!!
1	i think this is seriously the worst song i have ever heard. and i've sat through a bunch of kanye west performances at these shows.vmas
1	one of pop music's ugliest feuds kicked off at the mtv video music awards in los angeles on sunday when nicki...
1	gracerosee22 3rd: bad blood won video of the year and she took all the women in the video up w her and said stupid shit
1	nice_feminist she may be a """"problematic fave"""" but there's no reason for her to be getting dragged just cuz nicki said some shit
1	miley was a child actor.i'm sure most of the net worth is from the hannah montana days.c'mon now. don't play nicki.
1	nigga is 12.. how he know he gay.... he ever see a titty before?
1	nicki has no class? mf got a fish in his avi. you get off to the smell of fish right? c'mon bitch step ya dick up, tweet me. dmart4511
1	i never thought kanye west announcing a crack at the presidency would be the 2nd most bizarre story of the day
1	i've lost all respect for sportscenter. every time you turn around they are promoting gays. gay isn't a sport!!
1	kanye west saying he's running for president may be the single most ridiculous thing i've ever heard
1	and tomorrow nicki is going to be seen as "a raging angry black women" for calling miley out of something that she is guilty for
1	kanye west may in fact be the biggest douche bag in the history of the universe
1	i'm tweeting this for the 2nd time, nicki needs to realize that people don't buy her music not because she isn't "skinny and white"+
1	talk about illuminati! kanye west for president? please tell me we find out it was a pr stunt tomorrow..
1	chicagotribune miley may be the only person more annoying that kanye west. good lord she needs to just disappear.
1	just shut-up already... ur just talking to make news tomorrow...what a fool!!!! kanye west... bro vmas2015
1	christians may act like the world because they are ignorant of who they are!
1	treyarch ps4 was extended by 2 days. why don't you do the same to us? with all the problems we had it should be up till tomorrow
1	and that nicki and miley "beef" looked toooo staged, nicki smiled, miley response was too instant (like she been practisin it).. c'mon mtv
1	why don't you let carly fiorina debate? she's tough and smart and has ranked 5th in most polls. what a waste of ratings!!!
1	motorolaindia i just upgraded my moto g 1st to moto g 3rd gen. i am not happy with the camera of phone. how can you help me in this matter.
1	kanye west struggling through this speech is like watching a four year old learn how to read. "it's ok, baby, you can try again tomorrow."
1	george osborne is a threat to the poorest in our society:
1	i may be late.. but kanye west just wasted 10 mins of my life ill never get back with the stupidest speech known to man...wow lol
1	on and on it goes. guardian: 'jeremy corbyn poses national security threat, says george osborne'
1	george osborne: "sun will never shine again if corbyn elected." (well, the chancellor's defence comments are almost that stupid).
1	christians and their "the evil 3rd eye" smh brah read ya bible!!
1	watetezi (aug 31) nairobi - gay son endures year of physical and mental abuse from parents who discovered he is gay.
1	kanye west wants to be the next black us president. i bet i'll be the 1st black pope by then.
1	george osborne, demagogue, the man who gives control of the security of the uk to a foreign power
1	george osborne has never been eurosceptic. when i 1st met him in mid 90s, he opposed ruling out joining euro
1	lol watch how the media paints nicki as an angry black woman tomorrow morning and miley as the victim bye
1	"kanye west to run for us president" no guys c'mon. potus is the most powerful man in the world. get serious. tho he'd be bettern tham trump
1	that u2 album that they sneaked unto my itunes is still there. i swear i deleted it. lord knows bono may be the anti-christ.
1	what's wrong with society? what's wrong is people like you. ignorant. i'm disgusted. kanye west may be unqualified+
1	kanye west is wrong. it may be more pleasant to think that success is binary, but it's definitely not.
1	only way you can legitimately put 'george osborne' &amp; 'moral choice' in the same sentence is when he is one. a bad one
1	just heard the news about nicole scherzinger and ed sheeran splitting up. another perfectly good bank holiday monday ruined.
1	never understand people who keep kanye west and the kardashians relevant. kanye may be the biggest moron ever.
1	kanye west to run for president? is it april 1st already? ridiculous cloudcuckooland
1	kanye west really may be the most ignorant human walking the earth lol
1	sense_amr so 1st you make up some shit about dissing muslims, now i'm a cunt because i support israel. who am i allowed to support fascist?
1	carly fiorina: now 3rd/4th place in most ia polling, not going to be allowed into the cnn debate because lol may/june polling matters.
1	kanye west for president? why not? he'll be fucking crap just like the others. at least he inhales though!
1	i know niall, it's monday, the worst day of the week donttalktoniall
1	the scariest thing about kanye west announcing his intention to run for president, is that some people may actually vote for the fool.
1	police deny knowledge of boko haram in enugu: the enugu state police command on monday said it was not aware o...
1	kellyjeaaann won't have it until tomorrow for ps4, but i know some people got it on saturday :(
1	seen some u2 tickets for 14 october, but i'm very afraid the person wants to make profit out of it instead of selling them for face value :(
1	i think nicki made an ass out of herself last night. 1st you call the vma's racist, 2nd then you perform and accept an award at the vma's
1	13 fucking mins i've just sat and watch kanye west exception speech from the vma's. it made no sense what so ever
1	is the rnc afraid of carly fiorina? call the rnc at 202-863-8500. she's earned 1st debate stage.
1	sharknado is definitely the best of the worst. come see the spectacle this thursday at 6 &amp;9pm in the rh theatre!
1	beavazapata u can imagine what may happen if they allow the enemies to enter madinah. plus, they broke the covenant they had with muslims
1	carly fiorina is 3rd in iowa with 10% of the vote behind trump and carson 23% yet cnn is not going to allow her to debate. waronwomen
1	what's the requirement to work at dunkin? complete up to 8th grade? reasons i hate going there. no people skills.
1	nicki_f thaleslives scottedelman you may disagree nicki, but the facts just don't support you. nor does the vote by all of fandom.
1	spursofficial rapharris_ tomorrow better be a busy day or expect kane to be fucked half way through.
1	is kanye west really going to run for president? i'm afraid idiocracy may become a reality sooner than we'd hoped...
1	sooo just seen somewhere that kanye west wants to run for president, i sincerely hope that's just an extremely late april fools....
1	kanye west to run for president? making kim the first 1st lady with a sex tape.
1	deadpool game coming to ps4 and xbox one in nov! wtf? probably has zero work done to it, just like activision's last 'remaster', prototype.
1	if you even remotely support anything kanye west says i will say a prayer on sunday for you and your ignorance
1	milan's is shit men.....even with dough.....totally lost d plot...
1	its not about the money and player. its about moral &amp; club. we fucked up real madrid &amp; that's enough. de gea can join tomorrow. don't care.
1	kanye west and piers morgan have the same weed dealer...
1	i have officially lost any microscopic shred of respect i may have had for kanye west. he is the epitome of ignorance.
1	if it turns out tomorrow that ddg is actually a real madrid player i'm deleting myself off the internet
1	there's a lot of stupid $h!t out there, but polling trump v kanye west may take the cake. all i can think to say is: $%$%$%$%$%$$$%
1	kanye west for president? don't laugh, he may be the only one with a low info voter fan base who is narcissist enough to succeed the donald
1	if kanye west becomes president i may move to america.... so i could flee the country.
1	i can get my paperwork figured out at work but man united and real madrid can't get it together....c'mon man.
1	just move de gea to real madrid, this world is crazy. who cares about 23:59 just move him tomorrow please.
1	my mom sat down and told me that no matter what, if kanye west becomes president we are leaving the country
1	nicki may have forgiven taylor... but i still think she's corny for what she did.
1	danisnotonfire dont come to milan tomorrow i'll literally punch you in the face im already too stressed like this thanks
1	i don't know if my eyes could handle this match what a big fucker may god give dean ambrose the power to beat this monster raw
1	"everyone is wearing black tomorrow it's gonna look like a funeral" "niall is dead pass it on"
1	playstation should have opened up preloads on ps4 days ago so people could have actually finished downloading it by tomorrow. slowasspsn
1	jays starter david price suffers 1st ever loss at toronto- had been 8-0 (1 w as a jay) with 3.54 era, 60 k, 16 bb in 73.2 ip over 11 starts
1	bitch sakura tryna tell my nigga the 5th bout how she want the d. but my nigga naruto graduated. he aint got time for ya games bitch.
1	after that horrendous performance by romero on sunday, manchester united had no choice than to stall the ddg move to real madrid!
1	annoyed goldenopportunity wasted. tomorrow is another game. hate the red sox
1	the only thing scarier than kanye west running for president is that there's a slight chance kim kardashian may be the first lady..
1	why do you spread lies? zayn still has his ig
1	ok, so kanye west becomes us president means kim kardashian is 1st lady.. let it happen !! hahaha
1	but saturday shawn was trying to say that he's single in spanish. who the fuck knows anymore?!?!
1	this bit badder than kanye west ego and hotter than the sun.
1	i pity those 'ba turenci' northerners. many of them may be victims in this war against boko haram just as we get...
1	just_kendall moneytalker_k drake nicki wrote everything drake a emotion soft ass nigga crying cause he wasn't 1st in line my dad meek won
1	the jimmykimmellive name that celeb contest just refused caitlyn jenner as 'correct' answer, demanding bruce instead. c'mon y'all. glaad
1	lost to the red sox? damn! c'mon yankees, gotta keep beating up on the bottom feeders.
1	i'm just so boooreeed.... you never know, rhiannon_daley i may be bored enough to draw you john cena
1	nothing to do with islam. lonewolf mental issues. family issues. nothing to do with islam. preprepared excuses
1	sat in mcdonald's feeling like real madrid. i placed my order, paid for it, yet the goods haven't been delivered. famished
1	what a shower of a club real madrid is.unsettle ddg,try to get him on the cheap at the 11th hour then fuck up the admin.
1	*spews out of bed like chuck norris in a sequined tux, making a series of ass-related typos during the marriage proposal that is tuesday*
1	derekritchie real madrid can eat a bag of dicks. don't want to go through all of this again in jan. hopefully he doesn't either.
1	sebytfc ffs. he's probably sat crying in to his real madrid shirt with "samba 9" on the back asking where it all went wrong.
1	so whats good miley? mileycyrus ...lol nicki with that fuck shit,we may as well make a song about it. hit me up. i ghost write like quentin
1	also if i may just register my astonishment on the internet about how fucking dumb scott walker and his plans for his dumb fucking wall are
1	most annoying twat ever! but she brought dunkin so i may just talk to her today...
1	shadesofjoe she is entitled to her stance on gay marriage, but she may be in the wrong line of work now. she had one job.
1	i saw a post on islam that just hurt my little hurt, may allah offer us ease of a belief... allah says oh you who...
1	watch van gaal play de gea in the champions league so real madrid won't sign him in jan..... dickhead
1	goaluk krisvoakes i fault real madrid, they want him at a lesser fee or free in jan.
1	wstafrican the sermon for all supposedly victimized christians has already been written for this upcoming sunday.
1	nick422 who hears that kane may have sexually assaulted someone and thinks "i should call chicago and see if he's available"? ugh
1	david de gea&amp;039;s girlfriend "very disappointed" after real madrid move collapses at the 11th hour plfans
1	so real madrid did f*cked it up! mufc
1	zombies devour vmas on mtv as 'fear the walking dead' returns strong: kanye west may have sucked all the air o...
1	i'm being taunted :( don't get my ps4 until september 15, and i can't play this until halloween god damn it
1	real madrid could've paid the fee on the 1st day of transfer window if they really wanted de gea. they're to blame for the entire fiasco.
1	i've been thinking about it... does anyone else find it disturbing how kane may face rape charges and gm's are calling on his availability?
1	kevinlanglands_ mate ben klok on the friday at t was far too gucci for my own good was blood terrifying
1	auntlulie mahogany1992 moaninmary backstorymom1 or is she hoping that that gay man needs to be available to be her 5th husband.
1	i just don't wanna miss anything it sucks waking up and realising that zayn came back to 1d and the 5th album is out.
1	not sure if i want the next few days to speed up for foo fighters, or slow down because i am off work until monday. conflicted.
1	overheard: being gay at church on sunday - me: now back to this bitch who had a lot to say about me during...
1	it's september 1st and this is what the white sox are. it's sad to think about.
1	gigagiga333 smallnobody john cena may have put his dick in amy schumer. he loses what little anything he had for that.
1	there's a bunch of people in my room and all i want to do is watch sunday's big brother
1	scott walker defends ted cruz after boehner jackass comment. really, dumasswalker is defending the only guy who may b more evil than him.
1	yall it's sept 1 i bet frank ocean done lost half his fans
1	not a damn thing went the way of the red sox tonight and that's baseball and that's life. win the series tomorrow.
1	i just want to watch friday with every human that i can't stand. just so ice cube and chris tucker can "bye felicia" all you dumb bitches.
1	i need to go to sleep i have school tomorrow and i have to wake up at the crack of niall's white cracker ass
1	i can't lie that "black friday" my baby nicki took an l, fuck kim she been ran thru more than mcdonalds drivethru
1	nic_harlow just that we need more people down for working on resolving drought and or issues in 3rd world countries and focus less on gay
1	if you want a good laugh..or just another confirmation that kanye west may be the biggest idiot ..ever...or both...
1	.endgenocidedan | attacks against rohingya muslims in myanmar threaten to escalate ahead of the november poll.
1	kanye west just doesn't know when to keep quiet..its a problem. may be he needs a mouth guard...
1	massive thunderstorm over milan last night. a few more of those expected across the coming days. friday looking sketchy.
1	adamosper think you're mad. 6th is only possible if kane repeats last years feat which is next to impossible
1	what kind of monster plays papa was a rolling stone on the 2nd of september?
1	carly fiorina says no to challenging the constitution or 14th amendment &amp; does not support deportation.
1	george osborne's plan to increase the tax burden on britain's fastest-growing banks may threaten their plans to create thousands of new jobs
1	specterwsa scriptures in islamic text suggests "allah" in islam may be satan. when compared to the bible though its purely hypothetical.
1	going back to gay ass morton tomorrow
1	hotspur423 as fans we should expect 6th and visible improvements in style. he will have to drop kane for the cups now which is very sad.
1	kentucky but gay folks are ruining the sanctity of marriage
1	hopefully, david's never ever going to join real madrid now or in the future.
1	drmartyfox learjetter marklevinshow ingrahamangle if carly fiorina is on ticket i stay home 1st time in life! she's just a joke spoiler
1	friday's going to be my break-up letter to kanye west. i have been writing it for several months.
1	so unfortunately, it's all really bad timing rn, so i can't go to the ed sheeran concert tomorrow, but if anybody wants floor seats....
1	"gay marriage was passed illegally." is untrue. now the 14th amendment is stretched thin. thin, you hear me?!? but the law isn't illegal
1	i don't wanna go to school tomorrow 8a.m -6p.m and i wake up at 6.15a.m plus homework wuuuuuut do you think i'm chuck norris or
1	dunkin may be discontinuing the iced apple cider for fall and the basic bitch in me is crying....
1	kobejj4100 kajunmillet realdonaldtrump 2nd we have been at war with islam for centuries. this changes nothing
1	december is almost here with us. still no frank ocean album. but boys don't cry. they don't give a fuck.
1	talking to my 2nd graders about intruder drills &amp; one raises their hand and says "did you know chuck norris is real?" teacherproblems
1	irritates me gay males aren't allowed to donate blood, but a transgender woman can, or anyone else who may of had sex with a gay/bi man can.
1	i may seem like i'm only joking when i compare right-wing "christians" with jihadists, but they're all dangerous idiot control freaks
1	looking back at kanye west's infamous "george bush doesn't care about black people" moment on its 10th...
1	callisto1947 1) he's a bullshitter 2) voters believe bullshit 3) christians stayed home the 2nd time because they didn't like romney
1	this game is slipping away from the red sox.(and it's only the second inning) nyy 6 bos 1 top of the 2nd
1	opinion: sheriff hammond should apologize for his "inflammatory" comments about islam.
1	samiyusuf may allah give strength to our syrian brothers n sisters. islam will arise again. i believe. i hate basyar assad for what he did.
1	itsbuckshot _sir_england i don't think thursday is the worst my any means...rolling stone? c'mon
1	i want to see ed sheeran tomorrow but i can't
1	when ur fam gets red sox tickets for friday and doesn't get you one....... o
1	waseembadami marvisirmed marvi u better apologize to every pakistani nd muslims over ur non sense talk in 11th hour or prepare 4 the hell
1	zackrorz but people hated way before then tbh and i think it may have been directed at lil' kim other than iggy because nicki denied later
1	mlb how does ryan braun get to step out of the batter's box after every pitch? didn't we go over this in may?
1	bethorne my cousin says everything he needs to know about islam he learned on september 11th
1	q_q today was the day that naruto shippuden: uns4 was suppose to come out. whyyyyyyy did they push it all the way to jan???? hello
1	scott walker may be nuts but under the right circumstances? i'm just saying don't over-think this. soundingoff
1	ed sheeran concert tomorrow and i'm extremely sad i'm not attending, i'm gonna be depressed the whole day
1	sent my ps4 scuf (that came broken in the mail) back for repairs in march and i haven't seen that shit since lmfao
1	i just remembered im not going to the ed sheeran concert tomorrow so nobody talk to me tomorrow its gonna be a horrible day.
1	also disturbing is that hick moron clerk has no idea federal law supersedes state law! what about gay couple 1st admnt rights? lawrence
1	sbass1310 unfortunately, the white sox haven't helped much this week. hoping samardzija can help tomorrow afternoon.
1	fuck around and buss out the vintage john cena shirt tomorrow
1	obama secures iran victory as 34th senator endorses nuclear deal - another victory for the march of islam, well done hussein obama
1	csngiants no more bad blood by taylor swift music please, the video on monday was more like badluck!!! badeditor sfgiants cheesymusic
1	if i sat beside niall i would be so annoyed bc he looks like he chews his gum annoyingly loud
1	out of all the things i hate, islam is 1. religion in general is 2. drug prohibition would be a distant 3rd.
1	james: big brother, if she (meg) leaves tomorrow, i'm not going to have anyone to aggravate. bb17
1	its thursday and the warmness continues to be a pain like kanye west
1	and the war will result from islam, sad but true, islam is no religion of peace, may b religion of pieces of shit
1	george osborne trolling us with dead children
1	iyad_elbaghdadi this q may seem absurd but what about israel? o.k. goverment might not like muslims but refugee crisis in their nearby...
1	kanye west run for president we may aswell shut down the streets straight uop to downing street gangshit thughlife
1	next gop prez will have a full 1st day repealing aca,iran deal,gay marriage,cuban plan,etc.count on'em always dragging us down.cspanwj
1	tearaway comes out tuesday on ps4 and i'm finding out about it today. that's the second game out of the clear blue sky to drop on me. fuck.
1	ffs louis is the fucking sun, niall is holding his damn guitar, liam is the only one singing seriously &amp; no one knows wtf harry's doing
1	jealous of everyone going to jason aldean tomorrow night
1	scott walker may actual be dumber than he looks, which would be impressive
1	why do christians support jews and israel? the 3rd temple will not be built on the mount, instead in the presence of g-d at the wall;)
1	gay marriage became legal june 26...by gawd, the world has yet to implode
1	playstation my ps4 died last night. i press the power button once it beeps, nothing happens. 2nd time beeps blue light comes on but nothing
1	but idk if u wanna say that bad blood promote violence n stuff, why do ppl make toy gun for kids in the 1st place?
1	my mood is ruin thanks to naruto. have to wait for next thursday for the next episode
1	mattobenauf and i sat next to ryan braun at the bar last night. it wasn't that awesome.
1	no, ms. merkel, central europe doesn't want muslims and you're not going to force them onto us. germany hungary
1	seriously. now she gets to be the face of christians claiming they're being persecuted. go away already.
1	solaxscriptura yep. i had a church staffer tell me last night that he outright avoids muslims for fear he may have to shoot them...
1	christians shouldn't have to make "deals" to defend their religious beliefs, ever!!
1	kim davis, ky clerk blocking gay marriage, held in cmpt. a state employee, &amp; broke the law. have fun in prison may u find a nice woman!
1	still so sad i'm not going to ed sheeran the 25th :////
1	'this programme features indiscrete discussions about the royal family which may distress some viewers' weirdest warning ever on big brother
1	hiphopwired lmao nicki can never fuck with kim. kim's black friday diss record lyrically slaughtered nicki. what are u talkin bout???
1	praveen togadia is proving his inability to procreate now by calling for criminal action against muslims.if you use viagra it may work.
1	.htownskeptic these "persecuted" christians uused to celibrate nov 5 by burning the pope if effigy. bluebearsoup s3nt13ntb31ng rmbctious
1	ahappyyoussef how the hell is a dunkin gonna close before 6 on a thursday?
1	ps4 is a great system but it keeps ejecting my disc and i get short tempered...will definitely hang onto it but may snag an xbox one
1	i just sat through kanye west's mtv speech, what the fuck was that...
1	why are the vikings ruining my thursday nite? they can lose a game any nite so don't f up my big brother nite. bbwhereareyou
1	kimdavis if u gave as much thought to your own marriage as u do to gay marriage, you wouldn't be on your 4th marriage now.
1	this may be the worst season of big brother bb17 will someone please make a big move!
1	does psplus automatically push save game data to the cloud? i think my ps4 may have died?? hoping i didn't lose my mgsvtpo save data..
1	for those who hate it when i tweet about big brother, i may be finished for the season. depends what happens in the next 15 minutes. bb17
1	i think the big brother show has become so scripted, that it may be time to cancel it entirely. time for something new. bb17
1	it may be over for big brother... i'm just ready for survivor where getting blood on your hands is the name of the game!! cbs needs a revamp
1	wow after tonight i may actually be done with big brother for the rest of the season. no one good left to win. bb17
1	fallout from the supremecourt's activist decision on gay marriage continues. but this i didn't see coming
1	this season of big brother is absolute garbage. if austin makes it in the finale i may throw up bb17 terrible castsucks
1	with the threat that unless they are given a pay rise, similar to staff at urdu language schools, they will embrace islam en masse on 14th
1	you may spend more time in the washroom than a rousey fight after eating this
1	francis50441920 are we idiots,to not know that islam is a totalitarian satanic political cult,which doesn't merit d protection of the 1st a
1	bb17 this may be the stupidest season of big brother yet. everyone can see what's going to happen! no one has balls! makeamove
1	gonna be so sad when the dallas story is full of ed sheeran's concert on saturday
1	this may be the worst big brother episode in history.
1	i am thinking these initial reviews of the new iron maiden album may be prone to a bit of hyperbole.
1	1st scotus pisses off christians with gay marriage law then rightly jails kimdavies for breaking it ! bravo
1	the mayor of venice wants to ban a gay pride march, and already bans books in school about gay issues apparently.
1	funny hindu politicians talk abt india may become world guru by colonial stature &amp; bitchy fights with muslims, killing &amp; repressing kisans!!
1	and as the usual suspects try to manufacture another invitation to dehumanise muslims you really need to watch this.
1	why are niall and camila even trending?? i bet directioners are just really bored!! go study!! you have school on monday!!
1	stop talking about niall and camila! let's discuss latitud altitud cercania mar clima china!
1	6am whilst at work may not have been best time to listen for the first time, but not completely feeling the new iron maiden just yet :-/
1	todaysor could this be islam's 5th column? very few women and children in any of the photos we see.
1	i honestly thought you lot had lost it and were talking about the 8th series of big brother.
1	skysportsnews why do sky continue to emphasise the real madrid side of degea issue ? have you joined the man utd haters at the sun?
1	september 4th 2015 frank ocean's album still hasn't dropped. i've made a tumlr account just to follow frank and frank for album updates.
1	someone is blasting roar by katy perry and it's 8 am after a thursday night, this is not ok
1	i'm a red sox fan &amp; this man should have just sat down after his bloody sock salvation &amp; never said anything again.
1	i really fucks with cthagod and djenvy .. every friday they play katy perry last friday night (tgif) breakfastclubam tgif
1	saw a real madrid fan boast "we made the top 3 in la liga, united fought for 4th lol" there's only 3 teams in la liga fuck face.
1	forgot it was friday. wearing tom brady jersey on microsoft campus. actually going to be murdered.
1	lakeshowdre "gay couples ruin the sanctity of marriage," said the woman on her 4th marriage. you're a government employee, do your job.
1	who cares what an asshole like snoop dog who barely speaking englisg said about tom brady bradywins will take care business thursday
1	the nfl needs a new ceo. some bookie apparently wanted to shut down the patriots &amp; made up some b.s. on tom brady
1	lancetrupatriot gerdeman aapaul69 andyunfiltered based on the constitution/14th amendment a ban on gay marriage is unconstitutional
1	evidentlyitsfrownedupon to support gay marriage, women's choice, states rights &amp; the 2nd ammendment at the same time. too much freedom?
1	lilyysiness wealilknowa that awkward moment when im going to gay pride tomorrow:/
1	onsmash gucci1017 youngjeezy cuz i think sean pains goofy ass did this. gucci hates that nigga. this the 2nd time also
1	thestreamguru richiefreddy i do not buy in2 the zionist idea that christians r a 2nd class people who must support israel no matter what
1	please someone cheap shot the hell out of tom brady next sunday.
1	thexclusiveace i agree ace, it was pretty bad and what i saw on ps4 was much better. i don't have one so i may just go to something else!
1	tom brady's tailbone is going to be broken next thursday watch out
1	but the first openly gay player wouldn't have been a distraction? and he's not even on an nfl roster anymore.
1	worthybieber no. the sun is notorious for making up bullshit about zayn including the cheating allegations.
1	thelastleg isitok that idiocracy may actually happen with kanye west going for president
1	shabirmaiwand not if they fight against muslims for the usa as the fsa does now. they may as well smoke because they'll burn in hell anyway
1	farrightofleft_ luvyausa she broke the law that says gay folks may marry. it is the law of the land. stupid michael steele agrees!!!!
1	greg abbott/ag ken paxton cost taxpayers $741,000 in legal fees in gay marriage case. can you say frivolous lawsuit?
1	islam is on the march on the whole world and good people are keeping quite.. radiobiafra
1	s.o.s i left my naruto game at home and at my grandpas till monday i won't make it help
1	i just drafted tom brady in the 6th round and i'm disgusted with myself
1	attention mother fuckers!!!!selling two kanye west tickets for the 26th of september at the hollywood bowl. dm me for more info !!!!
1	caitlyn jenner may not be "down" with gay marriage, but she should really understand that people are gonna see that as hypocritical.
1	i'm going to be so sad if i get to go to niall's hotel again on saturday and he leaves like twenty minutes after i do again
1	yidvids2 probably not cause he played with the equivalent of real madrid. 1st team got a lot of shit for tading him to hated rivals though
1	officialpwi by having seth rollins as number 1? all credibility is lost. may be the worst wwe champion in history! wwe owns yall?
1	blah, blah, blah.... i still don't care for you much tom brady..
1	tom brady seriously said "...to a large degree, we have all lost." c'mon man! can you not even briefly pretend not to be a huge douche?
1	new rule: if you don't like christians, you have to work christmas and easter.
1	john cena may have been injured tonight at a wwe live event.
1	ayyye i just purchased my ed sheeran tickets for tmrw but i may not even go
1	josh hamilton comes up as a pinch-hitter for texas in the 7th and gets booed and then booed and then booed some more.
1	news in on john cena possibility hurt at a live event.. looks like he may have re-injured his nose. hopefully the rumor is false wwe cena
1	sportscenter bradyapology tom brady can take his fake apology, tears and lies and shuv them where the sun doesn't shine. he's a liar
1	this may be the weirdest thing i've ever seen . fireworks by katy perry (yoko ono cover)
1	why is my tl so dead um is it kpop is dead friday or something???
1	realdonaldtrump : 1 way to lose votes is to side with a cheater like tom brady. 2nd way is to think its ok that kimdavis was arrested.
1	everything under the sun is a weapon against muslims!
1	quote-we must fight the evil trio of america, israel&amp;india.suicide missions are in accordance with islam. email published 23 august 2010
1	akashkhosla faith based discrimination, wherever it may be practised,is beyond doubt, condemnable! this is not limited to muslims alone.
1	um who letting off fireworks outside..it aint no where near november and it's not a katy perry music video
1	dw_english kim davis, gay marriage, and the death of christian privilege in america: arrested for denying mar...
1	when you're as bad at campaigns as scott walker, you should just give up
1	picture says it all. britain i stuffed - literally with muslims. british pll will become 2nd class citizens.
1	more like boring eagles""""tunnyking: c'mon bro, go out and support the super eagles rt shamzy_elyaqub: i hate international breaks
1	a reminder from april as to why the majority of illegal migrants are followers of the barbaric cult of islam....
1	where the hell are the atheists? oh, right. we're talking islam here. they don't have the balls to say anything.
1	heritage democrats want to throw anyone in prison for disagreeing with gay marriage.
1	stamkos doesn't deserve more $$$ than toews or kane...no stanley cups...he may get big $$$...but he won't sign with mapleleafs...nocup
1	why did you make weak statements about govt persecution of kim davis? s court illegally ruled on gay marriage trump!
1	up until we invaded iraq, a million+ christians lived in the middle east. now, we have allowed them to be wiped out.
1	we should condemn sunday oliseh pls. he is not d messiah of our super eagles. we can not go far with oliseh na from sunday we go know monday
1	george osborne today, saturday 5 september 2015, stated on sky news that the "pure evil of assadism" is responsible for the refuge problem.
1	i sat through the whole of sharknado 2 i'm pretty sure ns is nothing compared to that shit.
1	billdamon there is no doubt radical islam is a major problem in the modern world, and will continue to be so. he may take things too far.
1	kane may have made it 5-0, i may have lost my bet. but guess what, i can speak properly, harry kane can't.
1	judging by the traffic and complaining, i think i might be best setting for foo fighters' milton keynes gig tomorrow right now
1	eng under investigation after fielding 12 players in the 2nd half. turns out kane's mate joined him on the pitch
1	so if the 14th amendment could not protect a women's right to vote, why would it apply to gay marriage? it wouldn't and doesn't.
1	furthermore, the 14th amendment was ratified in the 1800's when homosexuality was illegal. clearly then it's not aimed at gay marriage.
1	taylor swift may "forgive" kanye west all she wants, i'm not that good. god knows i'm a pro holding grudges. he acted as an ass. the end.
1	anyone saying they're supporting hillaryclinton b/c "it's time for a woman president" is lying unless their 2nd choice is carly fiorina.p2
1	haraldnatvik llcanada sidlowe he speaks badly of real madrid not of spain he has every right to sat what he wants.
1	i think my yoga teacher hates me cuz on the 1st day i refused to take off my socks and then today he made me do this:
1	pinnie99 westjournalism obama will continue to flood america with muslims. it may be too late to stop the fall of america
1	ilovemyotp tom brady did not deflate balls, but was suspended for 4 games bc he may or may not have known it was being done
1	geertwilderspvv germany will be crying in two yrs time as islam swallows it turning it 3rd world.
1	to make matters worse, these are "dumbed down" sat tests. thank the nea and big brother!
1	hassan_jbr obviously you are glad the christians in europe may solve a middle east problem ! shame on you mr hassan
1	14th trumps the 10th. so no. states cannot decided for themselves on gay marriage. maximuscanadius staleluvmuffin
1	niall has a boot on his foot - so he may have hurt is foot :(
1	hey nfl, start worrying a little less about tom brady and start punishing actual criminals
1	british_airways i arrived in milan on wednesday and i have yet to receive the remaining 6 pieces of my luggage. no one seems to care.
1	but tom brady was going to miss 4 games because of deflated footballs...
1	im so upset i dont get to see shawn on tuesday like hes my everyythingg(besides nash cam and twins) and im just really sad:(
1	children from 1st grade are taught islam will take over the world so the 12th imam can rise amid smoke &amp; fire to rule his domain, the devil!
1	kevinanderson18 murray will take you apart on monday. one break of serve each set will be enough for andy. your return game is shit!
1	could the aggies get more conservative on offense? would be hard. turn it over on 4th-and-1 at asu's 20, misusing murray for second time.
1	i hear that caitlyn jenner may have to go to jail. i guess she committed manslaughter! embowlin bassett_will
1	sep 10th steelers ruin the tom brady parade
1	tommytoehold dude john cena would fail every drug test on the planet, that dudes head may actually be bigger than titos ufc191
1	borneqt that's like me being christians and saying the religion of islam is stupid. i may not agree with their practices but i still have
1	mihajlovic had dinner with berlusconi on friday, silvio told mihajlovic that he's not happy with the way milan started the season [gazzetta]
1	sianwilliams100 ...and if i may say so...you should be asking why rich arab states aren't taking in muslims refugees...they take arabs.
1	traveladam unemployment at 5,3%,more americans with health insurance,decapitation of al qaeda, gay rights.you just may be to bigoted to see
1	when sunday oliseh said there won't be a playing philosophy for the the super eagles, i feared. my fears were on display yesterday.
1	joyourpaparazzi if i can get one muslim to agree killing of muslims is the responsibility of muslims. i may help.
1	my 16 yr old son is going to see the foo fighters today. i am so jealous, i may just burn his shirts when i iron them!
1	zalmayzia jan_achakzai don't spread rumors jan jiii. this is strongly prohibited in islam. ask your maulana if you still need any referenc
1	idk it's whatever. but if somebody went to a shawn concert and got 4th row while i was stuck in the back and didn't know his name id be mad
1	just put the tv on, see george osborne. my sunday is ruined. marr
1	having a day off today yesterday went absolutely terribly and i was at foo fighters last night so will be back tomorrow. enjoy your sunday's
1	not about brady. 2nd time cheating w/no punishment! tom brady: 'i am sorry our league had to endure' 'deflategate'
1	no one is going to march any christians to a gas chamber over kimdavis or any other lgbtq issue you jackass! mathewstaver huffpostgay
1	the refugee camps have ever bn factories f hatred, islam's major export to the world in later 20th/early 21st cns.
1	when you hungry af but dunkin is closed on sunday's &amp; conn don't open until 10
1	alexkidwell isn't tna's tv deal gonna be done by the time big brother ends? austin may want to find jeff jarrett's number....
1	something may be slightly amiss in the nfl when tim tebow &amp; devon still are cut &amp; tom brady is allowed to play.
1	allenwest but wrong on gay gene. however bad fatherly figure or lack there of may be the issue and vice a versa for a lesbian
1	bake off, strictly, big brother, x factor. it's the tv equivalent of reading the sun. what's wrong with us? are we ashamed of intelligence?
1	my wife said, after seeing this: "i think my 15 year love affair with tom brady may be coming to an end"
1	clerk kimdavis is jailed because scotus can see gay marriage in the 14th amend. but fed.dist.judge can't see religious freedom in the 1st.
1	shaunking i hear you this sunday morning, &amp; will just remind you that christians throughout history have not always followed christ.
1	sanjaymanjrekar u have only issue with hindu festival, why u don't speak about eid celebration , xmas &amp; every friday when lac gather 1/n
1	dustin_longnj seriously. may as well just watch wwe at this point. at least you know it's a front. i mean rousey vs. holm? c'mon.
1	thepatriot143 chairmnoomowmow corporations cite moral difference with birth control yet an individual stance on gay wed is discrimination
1	tom brady and gisele may not divorce from him cheating but just settle for living miserably
1	everyone with common sense should be wary of islam. qed on a daily basis wariness not a phobia.
1	salt lake tribune - man dies after murray shooting - a man died sunday morning after he was found shot outside a h...
1	eh_kees perception is 9/10th of reality. because we perceive meek as "not good enough" for nicki. his support looks like he is star struck
1	i want to see u2 in november but i don't want to have to listen to their shit new songs.
1	its always been this way. nothing new under the sun. bitches been gay since cain killed abel. ya'll are not doing anything new...
1	kris bryant said last wednesday was the hottest game he's ever played in. how bad is it there today?
1	i may not be a freddie mercury fan, but gotta say that the idiot kanye west just got schooled
1	too bad david wright wasn't available to ph instead of having d'arnaud ph for the 1st time. wait, he was available? mets
1	dkondyles catholicchurch required jews to become catholics during the 2nd world war, should do the same to muslims.
1	mlbfantasy johnny cueto continued his late-season struggles in sunday's 7-5 loss to the white sox, yielding five runs on seven hits ...
1	the red sox have an embarrassment of riches in the outfield. mookie betts showed off his defense on sunday
1	usopen what's with all the day matches tomorrow on ashe?? no murray or halep? can i change my tix? usopen
1	surprising end to a gauntlet match between brock lesnar and the three weakest members of the raw roster in wwe 2k14. he lost to the 2nd man.
1	2nd track on the new iron maiden has some cowbell. iron maiden should not use cowbell. ever.
1	as if tom brady was going to lay waste to the commissioner in a damn phone interview. c'mon. you know better.
1	fuck! either i get bit or i turn off my fucking ps4! i ain't finna sit thru lee's death for the 2nd time! ps4share
1	lg_juggles not accurate. red sox are 13-9 since aug 10. jays 15-6 and yanks are 14-9 in the same time period.
1	so, bone to pick with higherlearning - ice cube is a 6th year senior, preaching race politics &amp; activism. yet is clearly a lazy rich kid.
1	7:35 pm central time on sunday night and tom brady and the patriots are still cheaters
1	i think i may just dislike vanessa more then rachel from big brother 12. lol!!!! bb17 bigbrother
1	bb_updates not!!! hopefully big brother will kick you,vanessa, liz and julia out before thurs cause you all have plans to split the money!
1	tom brady probably cheated his way to winning the 8th grade science fair smh
1	that will piss lackey off....just ask the red sox clubhouse attendant who put away the chicken and beer after the 6th inning.
1	soccer real madrid didn't make a patented galactico signing, but the may have nearly lost their no. 1 galacti...
1	missing foo fighters concert on the 12th at the gorge though so that's a major bummer
1	gay dominican man fucks pussy for the 1st time
1	realdonaldtrump mjosephsheppard i'm starting to think he is for gay marriage. he wouldn't stand with kim davis. i may stop my support
1	bradfanningshow kctv5 ya i know. i was frustrated &amp; had my 1st ever twitter over reaction. it was more me just hate losing to white sox.
1	does he really hate women and muslims or is he just a twisted provocateur?
1	i fear the internet may end the day frank ocean finally up &amp; releases this album
1	americanair 2.5 hrs of just sitting on flt80 at dfw, will miss my connect to milan. 2nd missed flight/connect today. any update on plane?
1	real madrid scum, mon the barca!
1	christians refused to convert to islam. isis killed them all on the spot as they sat in their own living-room. rip
1	is it pointless for me to try to get a niall follow? i may be part irish but i swear i have no luck so i can't see it ever happening.
1	i hope john cena comes to school on tuesday and five knuckle shuffles the fuck out of yall
1	probably not going to make it to yoga class tomorrow, seeing as how i can't fucking sleep. i was doing so well too!
1	tanzania 0-0 nigeria chad 1-5 egypt sunday oliseh's first game in charge of the super eagles disappointedly...
1	channels_sports super eagles performance was lacklustre &amp; disappointing. we may not qualify if the 'guardiola of africa' doesnt select well
1	my god if they say another word about how 'disgraceful' gay marriage is they may just get a slap round the face
1	i'm sorry to say the steelers cb situation is so dismal that i believe tom brady will have a sore arm after the thursday night game!
1	phlim1942 and muslims will be 1/3rd of worlds population that is just scary but i,ll be long gone by then
1	royalmail thanks for nothing royal mail. still waiting for my iron maiden cd. out on the 4th. still not here. away for a week now not happy
1	etherealx_ monbrielle hehe...yeah. i mean it wasn't really really bad, but it got no real attention. as far as kpop goes, people may
1	at the circus the elephants have been banned by activists but the kept the lions because they may want to punish christians.
1	askplaystation ps4 has a known issue with 1st gen consoles ejecting disc y charge 149 4 an issue that consumers didn't cause playstation
1	two muslims destroyed an art floor of 6th c. christian church in galillee. since the criminals aren't jews, msm will not report it.
1	fuck that next fight floyd mayweather got next saturday night. it's going to be weak as hell
1	i hope the steelers crush tom brady on thursday. damn cheater.
1	jenniferlavery independent they were "motiveless" attacks. nowt to do with islam.
1	oh goodie: that game no one liked about the blind girl hits ps4 tomorrow.
1	thepatriot143 if these refugees don't want help from christians ! move on &amp; help our own ppl 1st. like our vets! our children in usa!
1	nicki dead ass sat in our faces and lied to us about meek. bye
1	speightoo got court tomorrow i hope shit turn out to be gucci iono want my boa in that g wall
1	i worry about this huge update download tomorrow because my internet has been super sketchy latley. ps4 may be going to work with me. lolz!
1	chuckumeboshi if kim davis converts to islam she's free by sundown &amp; work tuesday. gay mafia won't have guts to persecute her anymore
1	those who say ahmediya is true islam are ignorant. may allah pak show them the right path ahmadiyyaisnotislam
1	it's too bad the red sox didn't play this well in april, may, june, and july
1	white sox are lowest scoring team in the american league
1	don't care tom brady and the patriots organization are cheaters!
1	no. the sox sucked in may. but i wish the red sox had played like this in april-june.
1	and fyi, i never had a huge problem with kane; i just don't have respect for anyone who may of raped someone.
1	steelers give tom brady the crybaby and his new england patriots their 1st loss of the season
1	can you say israel's bitch? what a fucking clown chuck norris is. not to mention zerohedge is pushing disinformation
1	2nd, you aren't beating anyone's ass. the fact tht you're so threatened by a gay man tells me you wldnt buss a grape in a fruit fight.(hov!)
1	swear to god if sam smith's singing the new bond theme, i shall cry. why? just why would you do that? i may be biased, but er..lana!?!
1	absolutely mortified and gutted that sam smith may be doing the new bond song :(
1	not the best start to the 2nd set from murray, but our print editor is more focused on the fact that apparently both players "look scruffy"
1	murray's serve broken in 1st service game 2nd set. i'm not watching any more. he does my head in at times doing everything the hard way!
1	murray a set down and 3-0 down in the 2nd set and bookies are laying murray at evens? ridiculous
1	skysportstennis murray's career is characterised by a pathetic 2nd serve and an unwillingness to be offensive unless he's playing djokovic
1	chikidchris17 picking mvp in july is stupid ..wow were you marking off the days on your i luv kris bryant calendar to retweet this ? lol
1	murray's in major crisis here - 5 - 1 down in the 2nd set after losing the 1st! scenes!!
1	murray with a splendid array of swear words at the end of the 2nd set. sitting there with the commentator having to say, "sorry. sorry."
1	woeful start to the 3rd from murray. think this is lights out for him.
1	murray in real trouble now, down a break in the 3rd usopen looking angry and frustrated
1	murray always struggles on louis armstrong. how pivotal was that person disrupting his serve causing him to lose his mini break in the 1st?
1	andy broken to start the 3rd set; still complaining to chair ump that 5 minutes is excessive bathroom usage time. murray's so done. usopen
1	murray is pissed here and in the march! hope he pulls it off usopen
1	i'm sad i feel like i'm going to get bad seats tomorrow with my luck &amp; idk if z100 called the ppl for who's going to sit on stage for shawn
1	it sucks that i'm not even excited for the spectre theme tune debuting tomorrow, if it is sam smith it will really dampen my excitement.
1	murray misses a good chance to break at the start of the 4th. sloppy along with a brilliant shot from anderson denies the break. usopen
1	part of me hopes abbott does it b/c i believe it will blow up in his face if he singles out christians. it may take time for him to see why
1	with school starting tomorrow i'm gonna be missing out on so much with zayn this makes me so sad
1	so mad i have school this week... if i didn't i would be in nyc because shawn has a show tomorrow and the jacks have one the day after
1	murray can't be happy with that tie-break esp. what did he need to do better this match? usopen
1	the one time i just want to put my hair in a bun and wear yoga pants tomorrow i can't /:
1	they really just used a rousey analogy for osu? c'mon, man.
1	im so sad ed sheeran is going to be in atlanta on saturday and im not going to see him
1	jbellokay i just wanna wear a sweater and yoga pants tbh, but if i were to wear that tomorrow i would probably just die.
1	this statement may seem heartless but the refugees in eu are another way to over run the west with islam
1	rjjago ahhhh, i get it. you're worried christians, jews etc, may hinder your radical left wing agenda. bigot
1	theblaze cynically, it may be that they realize their "team" is so weak, that the less that is seen of them, the better. draft tom brady?
1	carefully vet the intake: christians; families as opposed to men of fighting age; no burqas, niqabs &amp; headscarves.
1	you know you're a fag when you listen to music from naruto on monday nights
1	broflamingo let me rephrase the 3rd reason fandom stuff. if naruto is the only anime you've seen then nope.
1	scott walker is god awful. mean and dumb. get him away from his koch bought protections and it all falls apart.
1	lilmissprepper usatoday this may open the door for persecution of christians.
1	fine margins in tennis. i think if murray had won that 1st set tie-break, he'd be preparing for the q/f. disappointing end to slam season.
1	pretty stupid when you lie to the media: they may never believe you again. sam smith could have found a different answer!
1	regardless of whether they are muslims. i don't understand the french mayor who says he'll only accept christians:(
1	super eagles coach, sunday oliseh says nigerians were being unfair with their criticism on the players after...
1	sam smith's doing next james bond theme? could be 1st one where instead of intro with bond shooting toward camera, he just shoots himself.
1	why are u so quick to criticize christians but u shut up like a scared mouse &amp; say nothing about religions of hate ?
1	morning from woking where it is a dull start but hoping for sun to break through later. couldn't stay up for end of murray's match. :(
1	sam smith may have his fans but they certainly aren't the type of people that would watch bond. what the hell have they done spectre
1	..the "cuddly muslim" eid stories that are about to flood the soaps won't mention any of this&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;
1	worth noting george osborne must have known about the drone strike when he made his comments on the andrew marr show on sunday dronegate
1	why does everything have to be compared with muslims. at just 13% more non-muslims eat meat than muslims in india.
1	sam smith is such a bad choice for the bond song for spectre like c'mon
1	bamaperry hell it may be their idea to flood europe with muslims and then the take over begins world wide towel head dominance
1	our service pple living on the streets while muslims get homes and all the help they need our priorities so wrong
1	michaeljackson died in the care of conrad murray a whole 83minutes before murray called 911.the truth coming thurs
1	just realized that on my 18th bday everyone will be like hashtag 1 year since zayn left and i'll just be sitting in my room crying like tf
1	last night's wwe raw, or, 'seth rollins and the terrible, horrible, no good, very bad day'
1	june 7-8 red sox at giants. who's down to go and boo from the 3rd baseline?
1	some people might say there's something slightly bleak about a rearranged tuesday night foo fighters concert in a cold rugby stadium.
1	no, they wouldn't. nor would millions of christians want the 3rd world crap holes they live in.
1	indians open with red sox &amp; don't get the extra few days in april so the weather can improve. that's bad news for the tribe.
1	please pull down tom brady's pants and undress the cheaters on thursday night steelers
1	i am hearing a settlement may be in the works with kane and alleged victim. he might be pulling a kobe - which means he is guilty!!
1	goodell has been caught in lie after lie after lie. tom brady swore under oath he did nothing and science affirms.
1	c'mon 5 o'clock. i don't know if my ps4 is even downloading it or if it messed up. gah. the suspense.
1	"evil, like the rolling stone upon a mountain-top, a child may first impel, a giant cannot stop." ~ richard c. trench
1	a really unimpressive 1st half of football at wembley (then again what do you expect.) can see kane coming on early on. engvswi england
1	tom brady's suspension got tossed &amp; all the fans from our 1st 4 games tucked the shit-talking in for a nice nap
1	tom brady may have became the most hated person in the nfl over the last few months
1	hope he dumps his gay porn stash first: kentucky clerk says he may die fighting gay marriage
1	one season wonders don't tend to do it in their 1st season when only 21. ridiculous that ppl even consider it. kane is class, get used to it
1	a gay marriage license will never legitimize sin you may get the marriage penalty &amp; pay higher taxes but b4 god you r still living in sin
1	how pissed off was i after doing kane 1st goal england win 2-0 to find he wasn't even playing. 1st bet i've done since last time i won!!
1	niall posts three pictures in a day. none of them are of him. tuesday, why are you so cruel?
1	you cannot stop yahweh elohim business. yahweh elohim has bestowed his powers on janet jackson and it's sealed in yahwe"s 9th seal .
1	sam smith may be the worst act on the radio
1	may not agree with gay marriage! kimdavis has been married 4 times but yet has the right to tell someone not to marry? huh stay married 1st
1	really sucks that if i didn't have school tomorrow i would've been able to see shawn tonight
1	zayn left the band on wednesday the last canadian show is on a wednesday my first day of school is wednesday i officially hate wednesdays
1	how about one on how espn got played like a fiddle by the nfl in an attempt to tarnish tom brady's legacy?
1	tom brady may actually be a monster off the field.
1	greta shannonbream foxnews gay mariage was not legal when she ran 4 job step down or limit duties hav 2nd election 2bad s court faild usa
1	i'm not entirely sure how i went from a crummy sam smith visual gag to aching existentialism but sudden sun kil moon will do that to you
1	am i the only one who could care less about the ed sheeran concert tomorrow?
1	mossadnews france may be right, isn't that what isis wants spreading islam all over the world. isil was in cahoots with bush and cheney.
1	when gucci 1st got out of jail after the poolstick incident i said lets do a tape. he declined due to the album he was working on.
1	floyd mayweather really fights his last fight this saturday and it's like nobody really gives a fuck lol
1	tell me if 14th can be used for gay marriage then why wasn't it used for autarkh robknoxious1 gloriamitchell6 shleep84 guyscott33
1	the red sox have completely fallen apart here in the 10th
1	this is why the red sox are last place in the division. poor defence in this 10th inning bjsfans
1	did the red sox get bambino cursed heading into the 10th or what? ball off glove, balk, wild pitch! stilldontgetbalks
1	red sox in that 10th inning looked like a group of minimum wage employees who were asked to stay past the end of their shift. zeroeffort
1	the only bad thing about the mets streak is that david wright may injure himself from celebrating so hard so often
1	tomorrow i'm gonna lock myself in my room and not be on social media all day bc i don't want to see any posts about ed sheeran concert :(((
1	1st half of hannity: rage at the supreme court for outlawing jesus with its gay marriage decision. 2nd half: kissing ted olson's ass.
1	dorisovotes govmikehuckabee people may throw christians in jail&amp; punish bodies, but they can't take away the lord.
1	military seizes vehicle laden with boko haram fuel, drugs: nigerian troops said on tuesday it had made a numbe...
1	niall's pants are always so tight he may just be that size :(
1	all around bad game for the pitchers tonight 5th one in the game &amp; the white sox are still swinging the bats indians mlb playoffrace
1	i know i'm an asshole for what i'm about to say but i truly feel this way. i hope tom brady has a season ending inury within the 1st 4 games
1	so hype to give a presentation in management class tomorrow about why tom brady can go fuck himself
1	saramarietweets i dunno. kentucky's legislature never approved gay marriage, 10th amendment leaves it to the states. how's that hard?
1	ladybleach my point was that just your fathers fear of islam may actually stem from its similarities to judaism
1	i do not like kanye west. yes i may like a few of his songs but other than that he's an idiot
1	unfortunately, negative. "go time" is the opener at prince george, 9/25.
1	nope. so-called "christians" like yourself denying the equal protection of the law under the 14th amendment. coralrocks50
1	turdface68 53pamela i hear what your saying but if there was peace tomorrow the muslims would still be killing the minority groups.
1	jstines3 karrattipaul realdonaldtrump gay marriage is wrong yes, but the only way to a supreme court dec is and amendment? no other way
1	shit! tasha may think ghost kill shawn because he tell her that when shawn try kill him he tell him get out of town..
1	if you say you're lesbian but you can't be friends with straight guys because you are afraid of what may happen between y'all. you aint gay!
1	i wanna go and see shawn in oslo the 17th so badly... omfg i hate living in this shittown
1	wow radioxrock may be the worst idea since hitler decided to invade russia. i'd genuinely rather listen to george osborne. &amp; i loathe him.
1	charles_hawley 1st, islam is an ideologie and not a race, 2nd, it is a mono ideologie that rejects - destroys all the others! wake up!
1	yoga before the sun is up. hopefully i can get this going everyday. i'm too much of a night owl for this shit
1	anthonylgargano i'm glad mccoy isn't on the eagles anymore, he's such a hater. 1st he talked crap about kelly now talking about murray.
1	i really want to turn into one of those asshole people who dont know how to act in the dunkin doughnuts on 7th they're always fucking up
1	drudge update: crisis adds to anxiety about islam... - crisis adds to anxiety about islam... (third column, 4th st...
1	businesses closed on sunday are against my beliefs and affect me but i deal with it. gay marriage doesn't even affect you so don't be a dick
1	jsduncan04 maxtollensjr mefbama christianity may disapprove of lefty morality, but islam will kill over it. doesn't make sense.
1	kingoblackheath kane and rooney last night.....may have been the ugliest strike partnership of all time. horrifying
1	in buhari's wisdom, people that run away from boko haram what their salaries and careers yet he wanna win the war by november
1	"may george bush drink the blood of every gay man, woman, and child in america!"
1	there you have it! enabled by the lefts anti-israel/semitism and islam on the march- what a deadly combo 4 israel
1	caitlyn jenner opens up on feb. 2015 accident, fears she may be forced into men's jail for manslaughter
1	roger goodell do your job. tom brady is suspended 1st 4 games. patriots forfeit any of those games he plays. thatisall bermanhasnopower
1	floyd mayweather fights saturday and nobody cares at all because he picked a shit opponent and the fight can't even sell all the tickets lol
1	is noel fielding having a chat on tfi friday or is chris evans going to keep on rabbiting another break "groan"!!!
1	lol, get a grip royals fans. i can forgive the hrs, but he biffed that pitch to thor and then fell apart in the 4th
1	dubs_mike80 if escobar was hurt i would hope you would be calling for thor's suspension. if kc throws up tomorrow, you should have no prob
1	having a really hard time processing that connor howell sat on the curtis side at the game last night.
1	maddogunleashed be honest, if ventura had thrown 1st pitch like thor you all would be blasting him instead drooling on yourself? royals
1	curtis is right: sjsharks forwards coasting back to the d zone is not a formula for success. 3rd line didn't distinguish itself there.
1	i may well need therapy for what that guy just did to one of my all time favourite david bowie songs... wtf was that!!! xfactorliveshows
1	tfi friday was good in the 90s because it was new and chris evans was young. someone needs to tell him this is crap and dated.
1	i like moose but he should stop bitching about the thor pitch. fuck escobar, that's one way to get him back o stop swinging at the 1st pitch
1	outsider's perspective to dark souls: you die a lot and masturbate to the sun.
1	the worst part about hhn25 being over may actually be that tonight was the last time i'll see thor and captain america's abs. billandted
1	bbcradio2 chris evans should lose his voice more often if it means we get more listenable breakfast shows like this monday and tuesday's.
1	alright if you hate briana ok but like just ignore her don't call her names just leave her be if we ignore this it may just leave
1	ok but louis hasnt been seen with briana since like what march ???? he is never with her and he looks so uncomfortable when interviewers+
1	paps: this one if for the sun!! briana: *stands behind louis and poses* so not set up, nope nope nope, not one bit
1	so briana is allowed to smoke but not allowed to take photos by fans because it may affect the baby okay then.
1	losermctool dark souls is pretty much near the bottom of the list for me to finish, along with many many rpgs,gotta get thru short ones 1st
1	here's the shower who fine gael and unionists commissioned to do "report" on ira in advance of ge16 sinnfein vinb
1	newlifechurch_n stop avoiding the question! 4th time; do you believe in thor, zeus, apollo, ra, allah?
1	up to 1000 soldiers sealed off the andersonstown area, belfast and searched for ira suspects and weapons;4 nov 1971
1	"louis knocked briana up in february" "they didn't meet til may" "it's not his kid" "it is his kid" me:
1	briana just sat her ass there while matt said he's done with her sister? this chic! she deserves everything she gets! littlewomenla
1	i may be shit at guitar but at least i can work a broom across a floor, george harrison you lazy fuck!
1	lol rt hollywoodlife jul 17 how louis &amp; briana met -- it's actually kind of embarrassing...
1	fucking november 7! tickets on sale for both 5sos and the vamps that day. making me feel so really broke!
1	new topic: heavy metal, thor, viking cosplay considered "racist": this may be better suited for the political ...
1	dubw seems the aaa_ire are anti good friday agreement. same as real ira and cira. some bedfellows there !
1	fuck i want to go into the city tomorrow. degrom and thor are gonna be at macys
1	the vamps tickets are on sale tomorrow and i'm not going to get tickets. theperksofworkingatthevenue
1	waste time, just like watching on friday and she said chris evans birthday yesterday and
1	lbc i'm supposed to be fling out to sharm on tuesday. i'm fed up of this. i went to paris a few days after the charlie hebdo attack
1	watching tfi friday, wtf has chris evans done, has he had surgery? just doesn't look right, grow old gracefully fella!!
1	in age of a "global" charlie hebdo, it's clearer than ever: you can't have your laugh about everything with everyone
1	the thing is we don't know if that really is briana and plus the article was posted by a french site that's the equivalent of the sun
1	ira men slipped into harland and wolff shipyard and damaged the "goliath" crane with a 300 lb bomb; 7 november 1972
1	tho i respect his decision, i don't agree with it. james mcclean may not necessarily be a supporter of ira. he said the poppys stand for ...
1	queenforharry i know for sure that briana's baby is not louis' ! he may have had sex with her but she did also with someone else sooo..m
1	briana added tons of shit from sunday work day
1	if you do like amy schumer, i hope you went &amp; saw her saturday bc after this ridiculousness, i highly doubt maine will be on list of faves.
1	brocketybrock which may people think it is a bad game and that the major issue of dark souls games
1	why the hell are so many games releasing april-may? the latest threat to r&amp;c is dark souls 3 on the 19th of april :o crap
1	danny boyle 'in grief' after david bowie says no to musical - don't do it davidbowiereal so proud !
1	stephenejmcg skynews bloody sunday was terrible. and yes the ira killed 11 innocent musicians. i forgive. but i want justice.
1	amnesty for ira murderers, some with dubious pasts are in govt in ni, free from prosecution, but today ex-para is arrested re: bloody sunday
1	ex-soldier arrested over bloody sunday. sure he will get a letter of immunity like the ira killers from same era...... not
1	former soldier arrested in bloody sunday probe absolute joke where is the justice for all victims of ira atrocities
1	woaw just because briana is "having" louis' baby she has the sun shining out of her ass.
1	remember the sun newspaper supports this tory government, it supported tony blair's government. it is an insult to us all. vote corbyn :)
1	presumably, in the balance of justuce, the arrest of soldiers over bloody sunday fiasco means old ex ira members will also be questioned?
1	steve jobs film bombs at the box office: director bizarrely blames david bowie: the steve jobs biopic may have...
1	43years later and there still trying to pin blame on someone. bloody ridiculous, blame lies with ira at the time.
1	mrjamesob the soldiers on duty on bloody sunday did not get a letter from tony blair then
1	&lt; but fine for the ira still to be running drugs, prostitution and other organised crime to this day.
1	craigthomson20 ira and others killed innocent civilians but the good friday was meant to be about moving on, noew it rears its ugly head
1	2/2 and 2) if fnd guilty how can he serve more time than a convicted murdering ira bastard released on good friday aggreement...
1	camilahauregui camila is promoting the shit out of her single and faved james tweet from the vamps, normani and lauren may be throwing+
1	now that a uk soldier has been arrested over bloody sunday, i hope all the ira, uda, ivf and other murderers will be rearrested
1	david_cameron shame on you and your government. as an ex tory you disgust me. a soldier arrested over bloody sunday. whilst ira walk free.
1	an octogenarian motilal vora with his droop and hunchback walking behind rahul gandhi may be a disgusting sight for some, but it pays.
1	johngibsononfox gibsonradio england's tony blair is feeling like bush and cheney should be where he may be indicted. they were illegal.
1	oh actually this will be thor's 10th skin. still don't like it and the hair bothers me.
1	ex para charged over bloody sunday. now let's see justice for the 1400 british service men killed by ira
1	sun newspaper disrespecting the war dead? really labour woman? what does your leader really think though? we know he respects ira bbcqt
1	yea im done with briana she getting blocked for the 3rd time now
1	dana white &amp; joe silva are scum bag atheists and ronda rousey is endorsing bernie sanders. don't give them your money. stream the ufc on sat
1	just me that thinks it's fucking daft arresting oaps for killings on bloody sunday, too long ago, fuck the ira
1	when are we going to stop gnawing away at that old bone, bloody sunday deaths? it'd be much better if we spent as much effort on ira deaths!
1	apparently the ira started bloody sunday...how propaganda history is re-written for the uneducated constantly amuses
1	hope this isnt another false flag by mossad in paris like charlie hebdo bullshit. france is playing ball with israel so it may not be them
1	parisshootings afp report place republique where the moving charlie hebdo march took place is completely deserted
1	this is awful. first the charlie hebdo shootings back in january now all of this that's happening tonight.
1	boyofagirl i think it may be ideology, religion free and open speech (charlie hebdo) and yes bombing in syria!!!
1	france's security has got to be posed some serious questions right now. first charlie hebdo, now friday the 13th. parisattacks
1	thinking of paris, thinking of everyone in france tonight. charlie hebdo in january and now this. this is unacceptable.
1	dazgale i'm thinking back to the paris queen concert in january just after the charlie hebdo attack. jesus.
1	quoting tony blair "all the hallmarks of al qaeda." what, u know this within 2 hrs or less than 1st attack? wtf?...
1	another pathetic false flag drama like the "charlie hebdo" back in january, or a real terrorist attack? who are...
1	servane_a just leaves me in tears - charlie hebdo was just in january. this is insane.
1	skumbagkrepo to be totally fair (not that he isn't a shit) this was in january, in response to the charlie hebdo attacks
1	guys, that sky vine flying around twitter of the eiffel tower going dark is from january after charlie hebdo. different horrendous tragedy.
1	aliceraee the charlie hebdo killers were french, so there's a high possibility these are french too. may as well just shoot everyone...
1	sam_kotrba no, just no. this is after the charlie hebdo massacre... in january.
1	mxjackmonroe realdonaldtrump tweeted january at time of charlie hebdo - stupid then (&amp; now) but not tweeted tonight.
1	so that trump tweet making the rounds right now is a response to the charlie hebdo attack back in january, not today's tragedy.
1	.lesleyabravanel yeah but this is from jan 7. the charlie hebdo newspaper attack...cmon y'all, look a little harder!
1	to put things into perspective, 12 people died during the charlie hebdo attack in january. today, the death toll is at 120 and rising paris
1	charlie hebdo shooting in january, bombing in june, attack on the train in august - roblowe has a point.
1	in january, i wrote a reflection about the charlie hebdo attacks. tonight my heart breaks in the same way.
1	the empire state building is not lit up today. this picture was from the january attacks on charlie hebdo.
1	they actually went out just this january after the shooting at charlie hebdo which makes today harder prayforparis
1	stylinfunk katyperry that's not true! it's a pic from the month of january after charlie hebdo. for the moment, it's forbidden to go out
1	wielsucker mewmewmew13 i think after charlie hebdo the french did not react as the us did after 9/11. but they may do this time around.
1	jimhejl wrong. you need to fact check. paris is on lockdown, bruh. this photo is after charlie hebdo in january.
1	rgerrardactor lies. isn't there a curfew in place?a quick google search indicates that this image was from the charlie hebdo march.
1	abgstiles realdonaldtrump the offensive tweets were from jan 7th after charlie hebdo attack dumbass read the date on the tweet
1	my heart is bleeding for paris and la france, brings back the feelings of jan 7 when i arrived at gare du nord and heard of charlie hebdo.
1	this was bozo trump's moronic charlie hebdo tweet from back in january - not about last night's atrocity.
1	ian mcewan on charlie hebdo - facing down hatred with laughter via
1	edvaughan1 he actually made that tweet in january, not about yesterday. but it was just as shitty a comment at that time (charlie hebdo)
1	the attacks in paris come 10 months after the charlie hebdo shootings that left 17 people dead. these attackers picked friday the 13th.
1	robxkristen indeed, i thought charlie hebdo attacks were the wirse in january but no yesterday night was even worse ..
1	ye olde war mongerer, tony blair is back. this is your fault you prick! fuckoffblair warcriminal parisattacks
1	analysis of last night's shocking parisattacks by jrug, who also covered the charlie hebdo shootings in january.
1	tonyblairoffice tony blair started all this, now he has even more blood on his hands and his soul, may he burn in hell.
1	carltonbartins...often said bloody sunday the biggest recruitment drive for ira. multiply that over decades and much larger populations
1	fixer_guy realdonaldtrump not a trump fan, but note this tweet is from january 7, date of the charlie hebdo shooting.
1	hard to believe this is from january - charlie hebdo attacks prove critics were right about islam via tennessean
1	ladypunxxx whilst trumps tweet is deplorable it was written in january post charlie hebdo. look at the date on it
1	djbrez24 ryancullen90 what are you on about, you post a fake pic of ira, i post a real pic of english soldiers during bloody sunday
1	pm narendra modi does not take interest in parliament: rahul gandhi white liar taking part in the world liar conf?
1	there's no "meeting of minds" when it comes to terror. as tony blair once said: "defeat it or be defeated by them."
1	the real enemy we are facing: back in january, the attacks in paris at the charlie hebdo magazine and in a jew...
1	mani shankar aiyar is a dolt. but this video about the hijaab is from january after the charlie hebdo attack. at least check and then tweet.
1	in january france declared day of mourning for 12 people killed at charlie hebdo. today declares 3 days of mourning for 129 killed in paris
1	i wrote this about the 'sas response' after the charlie hebdo murders in january. i suspect it's still true:
1	chriscurleylac and barely any news about it. here is what they did little media coverage compared to charlie hebdo
1	lucidmanx johnson if the comment was in reference to the 'charlie hebdo' violent attack in january: it is no less repugnant. in my opinion
1	dana white is gonna use sean shelby and joe silva as the scapegoats tomorrow, if not tonight.
1	biggest problem with ufc is that dana white seems to feed sheep to lions for ticket sales. it's not exactly fixed but it may as well be.
1	lol desperate af! "ufconfox: dana white confirms ufc going to brisbane, australia on march 19, 2016 ufc193"
1	i took my 1st class, charlie hebdo was attacked. i stand up with consistency, paris is assaulted. beware if i get a special.merdealamort
1	jim936 not that your point isn't totally valid but he said that tweet after charlie hebdo not friday. i made the same mistake
1	boxingrich regardless of what he may say, a former boxer smashing ufc's biggest star last night was dana white's worst nightmare
1	foxy_blue 2 lone wolfs 1 in the us the ira when did they last bomb the uk? the terrorists may kill 1,000's but your ilk are the real danger
1	all three gunmen in the january attacks on the charlie hebdo newspaper and a kosher supermarket were french.
1	richeyrevol my old building was blown up by the ira. on the 10th anniversary they called in a bomb in a bin outside.
1	well done chris evans, i did not think it was possible to make tfi friday any more shit than it used to be, but you have proved me wrong
1	darinstrauss you may recall how bad it was when the same people had charlie hebdo to blame for their own massacre.
1	junothncube reditlhabi those that impose!! tony blair has made it clear in his apology but no icc for him ne.1st world warlords,teflon don
1	criticizing her lack of preparedness isn't wrong. ira's post didn't say it was. feministph
1	a district with links to madrid's and charlie hebdo's terrorist attacks. a good take on it:
1	the fact i probably won't see them again before march makes me want to cry mtvstars the vamps
1	didn't show up for charlie hebdo march. didn't light up wh in blue/white/red. late to moment of silence. but his heart is in it, america.
1	like huffingtonpost apology, tomorrow when british a'thority will regret abt the error in rahul gandhi's nationality, will media show that?
1	the mp leaders should be arrange a march to congress office if they didn't take any action against rahul gandhi about his dual citizenship
1	mmajunkieradio hello its called dana white losing a massive amount of money because he put it all on ronda. people lost their shirts sat.
1	johnmcternan you are a bitter man! who brought about the good friday agreement. did he manage that without talking to ira interests?
1	thor's powers are so inconsistent in mcu. in the first movie he took out the destroyer in one hit. 2nd one he's struggling with a dark elf.
1	johnsweeneyroar bbcpanorama terror in paris...in january not just charlie hebdo unless dead jews don't count. parisattacks
1	16 nov 1982- uvf shankill butcher lenny murphy was gunned down by the ira in forthriver park, glencairn, belfast
1	"tony blair has become the must have accessory for every selfrespecting dictator, ranging from khazakstan to egypt"
1	outtheeu dmiliband kayburley theirc refugee's did not carry out the charlie hebdo or the paris attacks on friday, you prejudice idiot.
1	polygon no less ridiculous than any of the thor movies by marvel. or melinda may beating up any guy on agents of shield
1	if distributions are not large enough, the ira owner may have to pay a 50% penalty on amounts not distributed
1	ashtopher they haven't do that right after the february attacks, against charlie hebdo do you remember ?
1	johnkerry says isis had a "rationale" for the charlie hebdo killings in january (pic of muhammad), but friday night in paris was different
1	and i thought he was a relativist. "kerry sees 'rationale' in charlie hebdo murders, unlike friday's attacks in paris"
1	the fact he sees the rationale of charlie hebdo attack is why his policies are impotent against isis
1	anyone who thinks lady gaga and tony bennett are a weird pairing, may i remind you of david bowie and bing crosby?
1	this is the legacy of tony blair and george bush. intervention only seen as a plaster, not a permanent fix.
1	kerry can see the rationale behind the charlie hebdo attack. fairly disgusting
1	truebluebritish nothing fair about it. it was mostly unarmed civilians who were murdered, by the ira, the uvf, &amp; by 1 para on bloody sunday
1	dana white is a terrible promoter sometimes. instead of praising holm her for her performance, he says rousey had a bad night? c'mon man.
1	daithimckay what about the victims of ira terrorism david, do you ever think of them? kingsmill, le mon or even kevin mcguigan
1	prithviraj chauhan defeated ghori 2 times and left him alive.but the 3th time ghori killed him. rahul gandhi caught 2 times by nda . 3rd ?
1	tony blair said 'god will judge me' over iraq. here's another biblical truism tony: 'you [we] reap what you sow.'
1	tony blair extract worse than thought of parents having sex. is the iraq war the 2nd worst thing blair authored?
1	penguero yeah the mosny's dece, may do a tony blair and do politics as well but without bombing iraq illegally shit. you like science?
1	i'm a fan of some really weird music but the new david bowie may be the strangest i've ever heard. not even sure what i just saw
1	if i was dyslexic i would hate the sound of cate blanchett's theme tune on a sunday evening, forced to acknowledge that the weekend is over
1	some1 come wait in line with me thursday at 3target bc briana is being a bitch
1	shatrughan sinha &amp; rahul gandhi are dons to dust, both sailing in the same boat without an oar finds no shores. both r d setting sun.
1	yzymandias it's everyone. like, eventually; the sun will burn up even in marvel land. i guess thor might get out okay but who cares.
1	wowbaggerseven paul1singh the ira were founded by the united ulster men = you read the sun cause you no fa about reality
1	john_loughran read the smithwick enquiry transcript,ira men were given immunity,anonimity yet still lied want every1 else's truth 1st
1	watched 2 minutes of tfi friday last night. an utter embarrassment. was cringing so hard. chris evans - gie it up
1	your war/bombing zones, lets loose psychopaths on the world, some of whom may attack you back. look at the ira - it started out not that bad
1	1920: irish war of independence - the ira killed 14 brit. force members in dublin ~ brit. forces then killed 14 civilians ~ "bloody sunday"
1	i've a bad feeling simpson's plot in the 2nd half of the season is jessicajones equivalent of 'thor's vision quest' in age of ultron
1	21 november 2012- 22 prisoners aligned with ira group that killed prison officer david black ended their 18 month protest at maghaberry
1	so, tomorrow's dark souls video that i just recorded might be the most confused i've ever been on video.
1	simondanczuk thesun if you don't know why people hate tony blair maybe wonder if you're in the right party? writing for the sun don't help
1	nickclark32 if the ira came active again tomorrow, just as big (if not bigger) threat to uk than muslim extremists. sophiesweb33
1	this lady on sunday morning live is an absolute idiot. negotiating with daesh isn't possible, nothing like the ira
1	tony blair: the iraq war may have played a part in the creation of isis what will the war in syria create?
1	be fair 1 in 4 had sympathy for the charlie hebdo attack. getting better ..kum bay ya, my lord, kum bay ya
1	22 nov 1971- ira man michael crosse was killed by a premature bomb blast at the cellar lounge in lurgan; 9 injured
1	hear the real thing abt congress frm cm of karnataka! siddu the 2nd rahul gandhi in line..o god save us from these 2
1	foxnewsinsider thank you greta to make hollande come here after obama snubbed charlie hebdo march and paris is a national embarrassment
1	lokisilberzunge "yes,i did.it was a disaster.i saw thor on the news.i was very concerned." tom sat next to him,placing his hand on his~
1	bankersbonus1 dr_royston mrjamesob how on earth did you make that leap? the ira lie about corbyn hasbeen debunked
1	rip chris hemsworth's killer bod may he get that back in time for thor: ragnarok
1	praman_k swamy39 i wonder why mr. rahul gandhi made this mistake. i could understand he may write italy or russia ! but "british" shocks
1	i've already destroyed your revision of what tony blair said &amp; provided a link. tell me more about your expertise
1	_yogendrayadav u 2 missed it. statement was plotted to take attention away from uk national rahul gandhi. 2ndly, such bs ll hit fan in apr.
1	true story: munibond sales guy was freaking out &amp; wanting to liquidate his ira at depths in aug/sep (talked him out of it for the most part)
1	or yuh kno, keep giving thanks 4 first nations genocide on thor's day during the 11th month named 9th month cause that all makes sense 2 you
1	sadly, the bjp may still find itself on the backfoot next elections despite best efforts by rahul gandhi
1	wrestling w/ why i don't love carol unreservedly, &amp; it may come down to this: i don't love cate blanchett as an actor. so that's out there.
1	rahulstumped mr. rahul gandhi is become too negative as he can not see what the center government is doing or may be he don't want to see.
1	thom yorke: tony blair advisers tried to force me to meet the pm | the guardian
1	sona2905 officeofrg he was even booed at the protest march of ex serviceman for orop.they even said rahul gandhi wapas jao.besharam.
1	dup want bloody sunday soldiers arrested no wonder the ira controlled sinn fein clapped dup leader peter robinson.
1	petertownsend7 holande asked for it.refused to see threat in jan re charlie hebdo,even castigate the cartoonists
1	rahul gandhi inherited his stupidity from his mother- she gives the impression !
1	david_cameron should we not be trying to talk to is? if we hadn't sat down with the ira, we would still be losing lives in ni.
1	war criminal tony blair backs war like the big war mongering monster he is
1	if you are new to investing or even new to having your own ira you may feel at a loss with how to manage...: i...
1	saturdaykitchen saturday and sunday k, is a tradition, but please no more chris evans he has too much to say,&amp; ruined the show!!
1	chris evans just said excactly what i was thinking about saturday kitchen 'i don't care about this show anymore'
1	i like it when a celebrity that's crap at cooking goes on saturday kitchen. chris evans looks like he's never used a whisk in his life.
1	saturday kitchen the moment chris evans ruins chef jason athertons wife's birthday treat livetheladbible
1	oh tfifridaylive your name may say "live" but the god awful "the vamps" we're far from live. cut any bands who mime please !
1	28 nov 1986- an ira mortar attack on newry ruc station misfired, and the mortars hit houses and injured 35 people
1	molloy1916 25 march 1972: an ira volunteer was killed when two ira units engaged each other in error on the springfield road in belfast.??
1	the_goldennerd fuck cc. curtis may have been the villain but let's not forget just how complacent cc was in throwing effie under the bus
1	what confuses me is that briana was literally fuckin pulled out of louis' ass in like may and like 2 weeks later she was pregnant 1+1=76
1	bbcsp those in favour of bombing isil should remember the massive boost to ira recruitment that bloody sunday did..
1	for i've always hated slavery since the day that i was born....and we're off to join the ira and we're off tomorrow morn....
1	wesleybrownlab stellacreasy if you're not an ira sympathiser you may as well piss off and join the tories. irrelevance here we come!
1	29 november 1989- the uvf gunned down ira man liam ryan and michael devlin at the battery bar in ardboe, co tyrone
1	the brouis baby may be rotting in briana's womb by now. somebody should check it before someone finds out the pregnancy thing is fake.. oops
1	this rahul gandhi aka raul vinci needs his bags checked no matter where he goes interpol may find some goodies !
1	tony blair to swot up on lying through his teeth until next friday - the swivel eyed redneck
1	stop saying kendricks name in the same sentence as these other lames... kendrick lamar - black friday
1	people are like, "amy schumer? i don't like her, she's fat." and i'm all like ralphie may is fatter, and i don't...
1	if j.cole and kendrick lamar don't realease something february....i'm going to be really sad.
1	fowlsens this may surprise you curtis but some people can care about more than one issue at a time. amyjoryan clementine_ford
1	alright kendrick lamar really scared me with this black friday bitch kendricklamar
1	will the pm stand by and watch his colleagues crush the voice of our people?: rahul gandhi
1	rahul gandhi talking about politics and policies is like studying for cat from a 2nd grade teacher. roflgandhi_ fakeintolerance
1	(taken from where the pm is clearly trying to avoid a future parallel with tony blair in history's view of him)
1	spacegirlgail darrenrichman all i think about w. cate blanchett is her odd accent in how to train your dragon 2. films may be wasted on me
1	rahulstrikes pls ask rahul gandhi if he forgot the 14th n 15th charge as he was referring to a piece of paper and with borrowed aggression
1	mepadraigreidy elliecumbo part of me suspects corbyn may march on his own party hq with stw &amp; blame it on tony blair. you never know.
1	gerrymac6511 yo dicko!! it was pure sectarian bigotry from the ira councillor which started this in the 1st place !!
1	ed_bradshaw gamesnclass no the ira grew out of oppression &amp; internment &amp; bloody sunday &amp; ballymurphy &amp; kids killed by rubber bullets &amp;
1	dpjhodges but the point is that corbyn's sympathy for ira is not relevant in deciding whether to vote same way as him tomorrow
1	the ira terrorist may be suspected of killing 4 british soldiers but he probably killed a lot more. the ira...
1	edmendsfahey1 curtis good isn't good enough for the scottish 2nd division mate - another terrible buy to go with all of the rest.
1	markberry i have a dislike of several labour mp's over their attitude to the ira &amp; so it may be the reason it first came to me.
1	the biggest victory for the ira was bloody sunday. membership surged. bombing syria will only do the same. membership of isis will rocket.
1	this amy schumer segment is now old news about 2 days too late...good producer would have had it on monday localmemphis local24 lml
1	millions aren't terrorist sympathisers. some who are "friends" of hamas and the ira may well be.
1	star_boi yes but the death of innocent civilians are a major reason for people to join isis just as bloody sunday did for the ira
1	sometimes i wonder how kendrick lamar doesn't suffer from 3rd degree burns in his mouth with how he's always spitting fire blackfriday
1	we want to bomb syria like there's no tomorrow, but when will we finally jail tony blair and george bush for their war crimes? iraq2003
1	sat here and tried to listen to kendrick lamar because as much i do slander, i still try to see the appeal. he still wack to me
1	projectmq deeply inspired by david bowie - ashes to ashes and pink floyd, set the controls for the heart of the sun = depressing game
1	myles_myed1973 as for the ira, he talked to them publicly while thatcher was doing it behind our backs. without corbyn, no good friday.
1	hilary benn, the tory press may love you for your betrayal but you will be playing tony blair in chilcott 2
1	i now feel bad for buying a thor novel for $4.95 at barnes &amp; noble, but now i know why it was $4.95. lcd
1	man charged with directing ira refused bail :: sunday world: ireland ulster
1	punksunflower lesleymillercyp the ira are not a religion they may be predominantly catholic but it is not a religion not comparable
1	realjameswoods malice. fyi tony blair may be loved in usa but he is pretty much despised by many if not most, here in england.
1	riazmmm elizabethbangs that was after the good friday agreement. their links go back to when the ira was murdering and maiming.
1	so i sat through that for nintendo's announcement and they didn't make one. like, even a trailer for twilight princess hd would've been fine
1	tomorrow is star wars day at my work but my star wars shirt got caught on a fence and ripped :/
1	sunpolitics he may live to rue those words as tony blair is ruing lying to the country
1	...1st of all this is amy schumer and she's funnier and hotter than you will ever be 2nd of all shut the fuck up
1	bloody sunday was the ira's biggest recruitment driver during the troubles. bombing syria is bound to have the same effect i'd have thought
1	tony blair saying the application of military force in syria will ameliorate the support for daesh at home. nope~&gt;
1	if you need convincing that bombing syria wrong/flawed/unethical then tony blair's support for bombing might assist
1	fuck you tony blair. i hated you before, and i hate you more now. i have no respect for this man!
1	amy schumer at the gqmenoftheyear2015 party in a dress we pretty much hate: gqmoty2015
1	we have a "5th column" in this country too. when it was the ira they were called "sleeper cells" who are they now?
1	bethany cosentino wednesday, amy schumer tonight. too bad tina fey isn't in town tomorrow!
1	atheist_eh davidwakin in 53 yrs. there have been 3 mass shooting incidents, ira not included, in the uk. us paranoid, 1st reaction, shoot
1	untimelygamer but then the 2nd half of dark souls shits the bed and dark souls 2 just doesn't care.
1	poor burt he sounded in good spirits with chris evans on friday but seems a broken man on jonathan ross!
1	louis_tomlinson wyd mate? 1st you knock up that ugg briana , &amp; now you unfollow eleanor on ig. wyd?wyd?wyd?
1	if i don't get an a or b on the bio final on monday ima cry myself to a dark room and watch twilight
1	yorksant u miss the point the ira were stopped by the irish but u make excuses 4 muslim death cults &amp; the ira were not 3rd generation
1	momentum spurred on by the ira terrorist supporter mcdonnell won't give up. they are violent &amp; don't respect free sp
1	zain1 bloody sunday had nothing 2 do with the ira don't think bono are going to be welcome in the north of ireland anymore
1	ukgirlinsf u2 fareedzakaria think u2 should stay well out of ireland 4 a long time = talking about bloody sunday as been about the ira
1	thanks for the chill stream guys. csgo face it is working well but teams are shit. hopefully controller comes in tomorrow for dark souls. &lt;3
1	not for fun! rahul gandhi &amp; sonia gandhi are accused in nationalherald criminal case and you forgot to prefix that
1	this may be an unpopular opinion, but i think that ever since the grammy's snubbed kendrick the first time,they just throwing awards at him
1	ajenglish a threat or just willing to open her mouth.. reality falls out. hardly tony blair or, may it be added jeremy corbyn marine le pen
1	oh c'mon.. how on earth is adam lambert not nominated for multiple awards !!?? he's far better than kendrick lamar !! grammynoms grammys
1	while we're on the topic.... j. cole &gt; kendrick as far as black friday is concerned... go debate ya fat aunt who only wears elastic pants
1	j. coles verse in black friday was kinda disappointing but kendrick killed it
1	i'm thinking it's either some solo shit or that kendrick collab
1	funfacts about arlene foster 1st dup leader to have been involved in an ira bomb. 1st dup leader to hail from west of the bann.
1	kendrick made sure iggy wasn't going to steal his bars when he snapped on black friday.
1	hard movie to watch about an ira member who starved himself to death in protest while in prison. he may have been...
1	statement made by rahul gandhi proved his ill intent and criminality. his statement proved thy want themself 1st than this great nation.
1	longleat trying to book for thursday, says twilight tickets available but can't click on it and nobody ever answers the phone!
1	cole clearly said him and kendrick aren't doing anything. so whatever he's dropping in february isn't what you think.
1	charles hamilton "black box" is on friday only if he was focused he would have been up there with cole and kendrick
1	tony blair wants to write his own history, but he's the only one who believes the story as he tells it.
1	let one more parliament day go waste but bjp4india should corner rahul gandhi on thursday rahulinsultsdalit
1	tony blair bemoans 'tragedy'.... *spoiler alert* it's not the tragedy of millions of middle east deaths
1	government on wednesday attacked rahul gandhi for alleging "100 per cent political vendetta coming out of pmo" in the national herald...
1	my life is in fucking shambles and jacob thinks he's real the victim because i wont co-narrate his godawful 5th stab at dark souls 2
1	wait hw can louis break-up w/ briana if she's never been his gf in the 1st place. he knocked her up, yes but gf? uhm mtvstars one direction
1	dana white coming off as an asshole telling holm's camp about immediate rematch in july &amp; she can't fight tate. selfish. what else is new.
1	catladycurtis zewby44 small words ms curtis, he's still a 4th grader mentally
1	i fucks with kendrick, but march madness deserve to be our national anthem it's that cold
1	false, no such thing as "a song better than march madness", kendrick would tell you that too
1	both dope songs but kendrick has a message future just goin dumb on auto tune
1	lil cousin kendrick funeral is tomorrow it will be hard seein alot of people heartbroken and crying flyhighkendrick
1	kendrick's "u" and the social experiment's "sunday candy" are two songs that make my allergies act up when i hear them.
1	carichampion heard she can't even eat an apple, her teeth are still loose &amp; fight in july? dana white didn't milk her enough?!
1	sigh i'm going back to milan tomorrow
1	jeremycorbyn4pm is that the same tony blair who invaded iraq on the basis of a lie? the man you wouldn't buy a 2nd hand car from?
1	who killed gaddafi dissident ali abuzeid? why was the killer never brought to justice?"tony blair sold my dad out"
1	both semi's of the 2004/05 ucl were sick!! the milan - psv 2nd leg was just nasty
1	abqjournal holly wants to fight before july; dana white says "no"...so can white prevent holly from earning until he says "okay"?
1	c'mon christine, even you know tony blair is a has been. camanpour
1	it may be controversial, but from the wholesale approval of corbyn, i am reminded of tony blair. he could do no wrong as well.
1	i probably failed my exam today but at least i was the 5th like on kim kardashian's insta pic
1	bxhxld artschooldrop i'll never forget you getting in an argument over kendrick's black on black crime stuff in the club on a friday night
1	drtyhippiepanda if i see someone else telling you that i might just fucking burn them alive. may work to do a nice dark souls bonfire.
1	only stuff i don't watch is twilight, 'cause it's rubbish. love star wars &amp; potter, but han shot 1st &amp; nevill is the real hero. sbspopasia
1	swamy39. will rahul gandhi be under oath on 19th ? what is his real name should be the first question. nationalheraldcase
1	if you hate tony blair and consider him a war criminal, it's well worth reading about this
1	did the sun even be bother to get up today? desperate for a holiday tho, even if it is in a frozen twilight ._.
1	sunday world man charged with ira membership granted bail
1	i am not interested in hayden solving who shot her. but i just sat and watch curtis like everything he said was the written word. lawd! gh
1	tfi friday and chris evans need to fuck off back to the 90s
1	four were killed,19 injured when a ira bomb demolished the balmoral furniture building on shankill rd on 11 dec 1971
1	11 december 1971- an ira bomb attack on the shankill road destroyed the balmoral furniture building and killed four
1	10 dec 1971-third udr soldier in four days, along with one who recently resigned, was shot dead by the ira in clady
1	if mcgregor loses tomorrow night, dana white will be the most butthurt dude on planet earth
1	rap mon and suga sampling swimming pools by kendrick is by far the weirdest shit i have seen
1	10th anniv of twilight books meyer released version w/main characters gender swapped. but true to original stories, the writing still sucks.
1	curtis: we won't be going to the etihad to make up the numbers
1	kendrick lamar better be giving some shit away tomorrow at the compton christmas parade at least a tams gift card
1	i think dark souls is made of crack. i have to kill the no story series, and start a new series for monday.
1	soccermanager wrong he played only 2 seasons at chelsea, was injured most of the time &amp; in 3rd season he was on loan at milan. badluck
1	may the hammer of thor fall on the head of any manutd player that tweets some shit like ".....we failed the fans,but we have to move on"
1	musicsrebellion lotta problems with this list... only one i'll mention here is that gkmc is kendrick's 2nd album
1	rumors kim kardashian may be the west family matriarch but when it comes to ugly christmas swe... bestof_stupid
1	dani_pitter i mean i get the hype around jlaw. i may not like her but i get her hype. i just don't understand amy schumer and her hype
1	"carol," a period romance set in 1950s new york and starring cate blanchett, topped nominations for the golden globes on thursday, as
1	2nd place again. how could it happen? mtvstars lady gaga
1	if dana white was smart, he would've waited on this fight. stretched it out may v pac style. mcgregor is a promotional magnet. ufc
1	how did people come up with that briana has been pregnant for 12 months..? didn't she get preggies like in may or something? learn to count.
1	maricruzannette first time i heard of "twilight" i assumed it was a horror/thriller flick, but i sat thru it. imagine my disappointment..
1	yes, neutron star collision may be crap but it was written for twilight so what would you expect?
1	milan: 0-0 19th carpi &amp; 1-1 20th verona. if you can't beat bottom teams and also top teams who do you beat?
1	kendrick lamar - alright doesn't even compete with future - march madness , so let's not even go there
1	fans jeer milan after they draw against bottom club verona: milan's inconsistent season worsened sunday as it ...
1	justin on the 17th place? where are the believers at? mtvstars lady gaga
1	thur's day? doesn't sound like the god it was named for. let's try, thor's day.
1	briana's cousin is literally that 6th grade girl who just found out her that her laptop has a webcam
1	mkamar93 the club is an absolute joke. the once great milan is now a provincial side. 8th if we are lucky.
1	let's be honest how many of ya sat down and listened to kendrick's to pimp a butterfly? cause i skimmed through it once and turned it off
1	m16menendez fasho if you can ask curtis if he got social media tomorrow or whenever that's be chill i fucked with him heavy
1	actor amy schumer gets famous and the 1st thing she does? make leftwing comments re gun control. i won't act if you stay out of policy.
1	angie- "let's do something on thursday" it's like this bitch forgot that that's star wars day.....
1	is the chris evans show really bad this morning or is it monday morning blues?
1	anarchists dried off in the sun inside lady gaga's crotch. i am cringeing.
1	when will rahul gandhi stop referring to himself in 3rd person? it was creepy when he was doing so while addressing the shakurbasti people
1	honestly only bad thing i can say about the kendrick album were the roll out of singles and what ones were picked 1st
1	tony blair is the one who ruined uklabour , he may have got them in power but he's certainly hurt them !
1	timesnow don't make us fool rahul gandhi ,, may be it's great joke from rahul
1	town in the usa, rejects solar panels for sucking 'up all the energy from the sun'. looks like rahul gandhi must have visited this town.
1	i had a bad feeling the 1st time i heard "will be greeted as liberators." also, you forgot saudi arabia.
1	lmao i read "cultural evolution is lamarckian" and was like o shit what's that dude's name again? and the 1st thing i thought was kendrick
1	boynarrmufc daentrepreneuer lol just pathetic. and see us in milan by may
1	watching labyrinth for the 1st time ever...david bowie is the worst
1	saudi defense minister: "we will work to hit any terrorist organization in afghanistan" wtf. saudi arabia was the 1st to recognize taliban.
1	warning: this may not safe for work. but mojo &amp; ac just found out about some new amy schumer leaked nudes!
1	why can't kendrick rap on every song like he did black friday. old kendrick is better.
1	i didn't exactly want to spend my tuesday morning memorizing the geographical features in saudi arabia.. but okay
1	in a bad mood. so lemme hit you with a spoiler twofer tuesday: 1) han dies 2) thor is peter quill's father have fun at the movies!
1	dark souls series being the exception. after my 8th ng+ in demon's souls i realized it just wasn't worth the stress.
1	tomilahren i thought it was russia, today its russia, tomorrow iran? which is it?? saudi arabia is more of a threat though.
1	worldstarfunny if you get roasted by kim kardashian about spelling you may as well deactivate all social media accounts
1	doctors on strike all day in italy. public transport on strike in milan from 8:45am to 12:45pm this wednesday too.
1	the anti-semitism, the misogyny, and the support for ira and islamist terrorism. jez100 nastyparty
1	sonia and rahul gandhi may not apply for bail in nationalherald case.. they want to disturb the harmony of the country..
1	totallywould nickety seen the line under the video? "saudi arabia 'may jail woman who posted video of husband cheating with housemaid'"
1	stupid work christmas party being on star wars day! going to have to see it friday morning.
1	georgerinaldi absolutely, though must say i'm not confident of milan's chances tomorrow night given the way they've played of late...
1	flatmate night in watching twilight for the 1st time, not sure if im more shocked that its so misogynistic or that its just such a bad movie
1	my sushi coworkers are apparently all going to la on the 24th and i'm somehow stuck covering for all of them. what about my star wars day?
1	staceykwv fiona is 3rd generation ira. very dangerous and highly trained. even jimmy knew he was outmatched. gemma was smart to be scared
1	saudi arabia is just isis with full statehood. and yet they're our allies.
1	may i hear the sound of democracy? potus state / independent saudi arabia is about to behead teenage boy for attending a protest aged 15
1	i don't want fucking kane &amp; lynch 2, microsoft. hurry up with dark souls and vanquish, will ya?
1	rebeccaschinsky the surprise genderbent release to celebrate twilight's 10th anniversary. the one that reinforced gender stereotypes...
1	still can't ever figure out how kim kardashian's face works how's your sunday going
1	coppaitalia: offense!! milan yellow card in the 4th minute for a. bertolacci. samac
1	saudi arabia orders execution of teenager for attending a protest yale fools want to repeal 1st amendment..
1	anal tasering may be the future of corporal punishment... or just something kim kardashian likes in the bedroom...
1	before you go to bed, can you tell saudi arabia to stop beheading kids please? someone might listen to you
1	in the last 24 hours the islamic state released six videos threatening saudi arabia
1	saudi arabia is like narnia to me. i may have to go to mecca one day to fulfil my religious obligation but already dreading being there.
1	dubai, dec 14 (reuters) - two senior army commanders from saudi arabia and the united arab emirates were killed along with two saudi
1	indian congress party leaders sonia and rahul gandhi are due to appear in court on saturday in connection with...
1	year-end ira distributions may affect eligibility for the premium tax credit via irstaxpros
1	scarred riverbeds and dead pistachio trees in a parched iran : 7 year drought may render 1/2 the nation inhabitable
1	won't be long before people will be trying to tell us saudi arabia and iran have nothing to do with islam
1	usedtobgop jupiter896 the day we start legislating from the pulpit is the day religious freedom dies. we may as well be iran at that point
1	18 dec 1979, the un called on nations to stop discriminating against women. 36 yrs &amp; iran continues to ignore cedaw
1	more than 3 years since thedesmondtutu called for the international criminal court to try tony blair for war crimes
1	saudi arabia will behead 2nd teen protester - business insider governance by the peaceful?
1	i've said all along and still staunchly maintain that the paris attacks: charlie hebdo and the 13 november 2015 one were both gladio style
1	lady gaga feared she may end up 'dead' - independent online gagaupdate
1	ronaldstacey jeremycorbyn excuse me? cameron does dirty deals with saudi arabia may i remind you
1	giving iran nuclear missile technology will create global warming this may make even more terrorist lose their jobs so its isis i guess.
1	abc saudi arabia is leading an airstrikes campaign in yemen, the latest round of which killed at least 15 people on monday.
1	so that's why a few of my recent iran opeds got turned down by the nyt. i forgot to add more on irgc's soft side.
1	tfi friday is just chris evans having a mid life crisis live on tv
1	amy schumer sat down with the hollywood reporter and opened up about the sexist remarks and unnecessary criticism she's faced since
1	lost my voice to a cold, but still cracked up knowing we wiped the floor with kazakhstan and saudi arabia
1	asennawealth most if not all of the sept 11th terrorists were from saudi arabia. they are part of the problem.
1	"nothing like a little lady gaga on a saturday night... only it's friday night" - my drunk mother
1	adamplatt1999 one-sided support for russia, which the iran deal may've began addressing. 2. not doing so to a certain extent would lead to
1	an example of my shitty luck is that i was in magic kingdom on monday and chris evans is there tonight like wtf universe help me out
1	trumpnation16 may brook live under the shariah, in saudi arabia 4 the rest of her miserable life. allah akbar!! brookie girl lol
1	one reason why the dry nut prices are going up in the last 3 years. iran is enduring a serious drought-
1	this is a free country that believes in equality but if you (or your father) were born in iran or syria, you're forever a 2nd class citizen
1	the last thing sonia &amp; rahul gandhi want today is words of support from robert vadra. it may only jeopardise their case soniarahulhazirho
1	le_sabre well said. however moron that rahul gandhi may be, he deserves that level of security adityarajkaul
1	since the us russia et al. are bombing the shit out of syria in the name of democracy how about saudi arabia?
1	iyad_elbaghdadi jzarif iran's democracy is super healthy, iranians may vote for whoever the murdering mullahs want
1	chris evans is worse for wear as he parties with wife at london's chiltern firehouse following festive tfi fri...
1	you mean the iraqi's that have decided to side with iran and are basically a satellite of that country? yawn.
1	c'mon, jhasanjay! rahul gandhi has decimated the congress, but you're still in the party soniarahulhazirho
1	shecyclesnbi not just africa. in iran (and many islamic theocracies), women are treated as 2nd class citizens majimajikenya zawadinyongo
1	.tedcruz "on hillaryclinton watch we have witnessed the rise of russia, iran, and isis. radical islamic terrorists are on the march."
1	scottymiles96 he doesn't support the ira, he refuses to wear a poppy because he's from derry, where bloody sunday occurred.
1	staceycollins_x don't make me come back up there now with me heater ass and kim kardashian your ass into next black friday. slut
1	but iran itself is discriminating against afghan refugees so much that it is to the point of racism.
1	day for night was pretty disappointing... still going tomorrow to see kendrick lamar, dillon frances and prismo....
1	regime change vs stability is false choice. how about we stop supporting dictators + ugly regimes like saudi arabia in 1st place? demdebate
1	"maybe he got briana pregnant on the 28th" kys sam ur not funny
1	my eyes! my eyes! kim kardashian's wedding dress is on the tele. how does someone make givenchy look so cheap &amp; bad?sunday hilarious!
1	yeah if iran take some hostages he's a lock... smh
1	exact moment things went wrong in iran leading directly to where we are today. kills me every time i read about it
1	chadopitz we know harvey is lying his fat azz off...he already threatened actors who stand in the way of cate blanchett's 3rd oscar.carol
1	huge difference isis is killing innocents on the other hand saudi arabia kill accused people
1	body pls get your shit together and get rid of this flu tomorrow is star wars day ffs
1	women don't let men enjoy anything. you're complaining about 1 month of star wars? bitch, i sat through 2 years of twilight.
1	fresh off a republican debate heavily focused on national security concerns, donald trump on wednesday slammed the iran nuclear deal that
1	saudi arabia is over producing to drive down the price of oil to eliminate us competition! bye, bye oil jobs!
1	it's a sunday afternoon in the small, church-going town of covington. i look like trash and thor's hungover. cue the judgemental stares.
1	alex - the worst player on the field - scores milan's 3rd. should be victory and 3 points secured now
1	i honestly don't understand twilight at all this is the 3rd one i'm watching now
1	i'll hate on kendrick all fucking day but that black friday freestyle is fucking legendary
1	tony blair's wars on terror (eg afghanistan) failed to make britain safer (from heroin)
1	how cam called obj over to him was just as disrespectful when kendrick called out cole 1st and last name on control and not everybody else
1	if you look up the definition of narcissism in the dictionary there's a picture of kim kardashian
1	increased vetting of obama's"come to america"visa card all we need to stop the iran deal? gop won't go for it tcot
1	what works for kim kardashian may not work the same way for you girls! facts
1	lettywho1 you may very soon get what your wish. israel looks set to come out of the closet &amp; give their bomb raid kiss of death to iran.
1	saudi arabia refuses to take in syrian 'refugees' because it may upset their national balance. why do eu leaders not see this as a problem?
1	ceasefire violations yemen the houthi forces should think about yemen's tomorrow saudi arabia should see peace and un to rethink
1	"maybe i should correct trump on this 150 billion gift to iran. but he may yell at me and i may get grief from neocons too"-msm thinking
1	"by the people timeline, briana is due on jan 26th" this better fucking end jan 26th i hope i never see fucking danielle campbell ever again
1	kris jenner threatened to kick kim kardashian out of her home on sunday's episode of the family reality show...
1	iran: all schools in tehran were closed on sunday due to the worst pollution levels in the city for nine months. mt
1	i hope the management understand we need some quality players come to milan not only kpbofficial :)
1	realdonaldtrump i may have to violate the democrat's iran deal...because i will never let iran get a nuke. trumpisright
1	bbcbreaking come on c4 revamp it there, tf1 sunday with chris evans? please no. i'll just watch the full races and nowtv the good sky ones.
1	carlnyberg312 i don't play the role of the victim, unlike your precious blm, who march, iran riot, loot, &amp; break more laws for criminals.
1	ssj4raditz griffinblade egg-head! don't sit on twilight's head, you may have to go to the hospital after that.
1	shahbaz humayun to iran shia read 1st kalma of muslim or announce you are not muslims or else iran and all shia...
1	calfreedommom steph93065 oh no if we violate the iran deal with visas they may give back our $150b and ask that sanctions be reinstated.
1	was i the only one that didn't know that troyesivan came to milan the 2nd may
1	so adams &amp; mcguinness feel obliged to defend slab to keep the ira men onside. shudder to think of the obligations they may have if in power
1	i wanna go to the kendrick concert tomorrow but thats like a death trap
1	colinebbrell curtis died 26 dec 1999. what is it with christmas and my musical heroes?!
1	iran-backed houthis in yemen fire missile into saudi arabia: a missile fired from yemen saturday struck the sa...
1	worldsoccertalk the jersey stripes don't line up in both photos, and the 2nd one is a ripoff from milan's 2013/14.
1	obama wants visa waivers for travelers from iran? sure, heaven forbid we disrupt the travel plans of terrorists.
1	imf: iran's economy faces serious risks, i am afraid the downside. iran gdp may be withdrawn after the (cont)
1	i may never get the "it" girl that is amy schumer [shrug]
1	iran says new u.s. visa rule may violate nuclear pact - now it's starting to make sense.
1	colmorrisdavis jaketapper house of saud destroying iran's petro economy before they can get the 1st tanker filled
1	asianenterprise what the what is this admin. so fearful of iran in 1st place the deal stunk.
1	zaidbenjamin apart from saudi arabia, one more country has to be blamed - the 1st islamic state of world - pakistan
1	the just-passed (this past friday) path act is expanding an ira owner's ability to avoid the 10% penalty on a...
1	briana's baby is due in march if it's on my birthday ill deactivate
1	im so scared to fall asleep bc louis and danielle can be married and niall will date james and harry may move to germany with briana
1	kahaanify i agree bt may be martinez doesnt think so.. he may get to start all the the time if he goes to milan
1	how immature can you be calling danielle a stunt/beard/december girlfriend? like he's way happier with her than eleanor or briana..
1	cvpayne teachesl thehill actually, it was the other way round: 1st this admin literally kissed ass, then iran demanded mills on top!
1	i think i saw my soul mate on the metro this morning. but i didn't get to talk to her and i have left milan, this may be a tough one
1	iran says new u.s. visa rule may violate nuclear pact. all the ayatollahs want is the terrorism billion$
1	tomorrow i'll be criticising iran severely, right here, in front of you, as if i was a born takfiri. that's life.
1	"it wasn't a little sobbing cry it was like full on tears pourin kim kardashian type of cry. man i hate big hero 6. rip baemax"-me 5th hour
1	kim kardashian's body. i would break things and push people with my huge ass butt.
1	asianenterprise 1st time i hear a white house shiver over iran. looks like they got you by the ----cz you folks sold us out to the enemy.
1	israel's probably gonna go on strike tomorrow and i'm screaming on the inside ....... i want to go home
1	22 dec 1987- uda leader john mcmichael was killed by an up and under bomb placed on his car by the ira in lisburn
1	a7medja7af jamilahanan it's crazy what happing in middle east, 1st it was only just israel nowit's spread&amp;ppl killingtheonetheylived4ages
1	ronin7us atlasshrugs may have always been "israel" but no reason zionists had to kill for it.
1	kim kardashian has proved to the world that if you suck enough dick apple may just make you into an emoji
1	assault on academic freedom? ucla conference blames israel: in october, the university of california, riversid...
1	mik61scot it was a shame all the big oil cos. went to iran in august with a uk minister, as the article says vanityproject theangryrev
1	imraansiddiqi c'mon, that's so not witty. women are harassed on the steet by police in iran for not wearing hijab and it's not okay, period
1	yo it's been 2 and a half weeks since kendrick's black friday dropped and i still haven't fully understood all his lyrics yet...
1	zakonestar evenfrthrbeyond but c'mon, mods make the game better or in some recent cases it fix it! ff type-0, dark souls, toz, ffxiii
1	you may be shallow, but never as shallow as kim kardashian releasing her own emojis :l
1	craziest day ever and back for 3 shifts at work tomorrow (kim kardashian cry face)
1	now that iran ripped us off by the legendary watch this friday.
1	i may have forgotten all the parts in ultron that didn't involve chris evans' ass. is there still a jarvis in tony's smart home/suit
1	_flexout12 well then you need to take kendrick lamar off cause his last album wasn't good you probably just going off of black friday ....
1	i suppose their will be a quick flight for kerry to israel for damage control. putin picking up the pieces
1	dark souls progress: getting real sick of these asylum demon-like bosses. firesage was exactly the same as stray demon! c'mon, dark souls
1	congress leader rahul gandhi on wednesday accused prime minister narendra modi of making false promises to come to power and said he ...
1	it should put her in federal prison for life, but she likely will escape to her friends in saudi arabia.
1	gardai fear a split in the ira and sinn fein?i know what to get them for christmas now!
1	as the world marks international human rights day on thursday, iran is continuing its execution spree&amp;160;with the announcement that a
1	berlusconi is not impressed by the 6th position of milan on the table and he is expecting 3rd place at least. mn
1	italianirish81 fintancox exactly, sat back and watched his people being killed and blames it all on the ira
1	rumours that chris harris may join chris evans on top gear. they'll have to make extra wide doors for 2 such fantastically egotistical twats
1	christians threatened with violence for worshipping christ. no, not in saudi arabia. in texas.
1	because seriously, who the **** is chris evans? virtually world famous in all of england. real stars like sabine may save that show but...
1	louiss.!! now you're old 25th.!! and now you want have a little baby from briana! ohh my fuckk! my baddream!! selamatulangtahunlouis
1	uncharted 4 delayed until april 26 fuck..... now i debating getting it at launch since dark souls 3 is coming out april 12th
1	days days50 wednesday theresa says kate dresses like david bowie. kate says what models have been saying and it is not all good!
1	tony blair may not be to blame for the rise of isis but he certainly has the lives of british soldiers on his hands. posh boys wants same
1	ryanair currently stuck at stansted. my fight to milan delayed 2h. may i know why? what's wrong with it?
1	genmthinker abbswinston glasnostorguk it just points out the calls that israel is on palestinian land is garbage, judea was there 1st
1	project in march or whenever the fuck i feel like i should playing dark souls and focus.
1	uk home sec theresa may, a mou with saudi arabia and why global condemnation of human rights record won't happen
1	.deadmau5 has been absent from social media since posting a rant about justin bieber and may continue his hiatus.
1	watch: algerian troops march singing 'kill the jews' | the times of israel
1	just sat through twilight, what's going on with my life?
1	chris evans is going to new orleans wizard world in jan &amp; i just found out today i'm so upset
1	in israel, the violence may seem endless, but the hope never fades
1	netanyahu my thriller shows what the stupid deal with iran may deliver. please read.
1	dr strangelove and curtis le may : the cities the us wanted to 'systematically destroy' during the cold war
1	who the fuck would buy a justin bieber vinyl
1	superdeporte: giannelli imbula not impressing at porto. the portuguese club may consider a sale. milan in the front, but also valencia.
1	honestly, justin bieber's music could disappear of the face of the earth tomorrow and i couldn't give any less of a fuck.
1	kazeraechan i am sat in my bathroom with a hot curling iran pressed to my head waiting for a disaster to happen, so i totally get that
1	georgegalloway do you know if iran has any plans to hang any gays tomorrow, christmas day? presstv
1	at least 25 killed in fire at saudi hospital: in saudi arabia on thursday, a fire tore through the maternity a...
1	i'll be so jealous all the people who got surprise justin bieber tickets tomorrow
1	why can't people just accept that louis got briana pregnant, end of story, move on
1	he just isn`t a sneak like clinton. if she cared about womens rights she wouldn't be taking money from saudi arabia.
1	egypt rejects $257m natural gas deal with israel: arutz sheva - middle east - fri, 25 dec 2015 06:23:43 gmtegy...
1	justin bieber's manager scooter braun reveals he thought he may die via dailymailceleb
1	zionism has made israel one big prison. they don't realize they are the architects of their own demise.
1	daily_express trotalex a stupid article .beth lehem is under the pa ruling. how come u put it at the 1st place and blame israel 4 it ?
1	the_eumelia yoskesh binalerts pastors every sunday believe that all palestinian deaths are justified as israel "belongs" to the jewish.
1	sorry to hear justin bieber was beaten by an nhs choir. however justified the emotions, violence is never the answer
1	khamenei has written a 2nd letter to western youth giving them advice,i hope they learn how to bankrupt their country like he did to iran!
1	why the hell is black friday by j cole and kendrick not on itunes yet.
1	dentist may lose navy job in saratoga due to israel ties: "you have weekly telephone contact with your mother ...
1	wxc41302563wxc if you really want to help muslims you may try to destroy (iran) instead of destroy (us), why you try to divide sunni ?!!??
1	israel us dentist may lose navy job in saratoga due to israel ties: asked about the case, t... world politics
1	today is 9 months since the 26 march start of saudi arabia's us and uk-assisted war on yemen. there is no end in sight.
1	had a rough time trying to make dark souls work with obs =/ gonna have to figure out a few things and stream tomorrow i 21053
1	friday demonstrations: several palestinians injured by iof fire: on christmas day, protests against the israel...
1	as long as the final shot is called by khamenei_ir there is no such thing as moderates in iran.
1	i sent that message on saturday, you saw it and now you reply? great one curtis you asshole
1	sjp_toogood baker_liam thinking curtis may not be happy with contract offer and trying to stay uninsured so he can move (can't blame him)
1	davidnorecuador haaretzcom u may want to check this out! racism in israel!
1	if real life was like amazon, those of you who bought kobe as the goat may also like justin bieber, super skinny jeans and vaseline
1	al-baghdadi in his latest speech remembered palestine but forgot iran, for the record this the 1st time isis directly threat israel
1	"you may not speak to justin bieber unless you are spoken to" wtf are you the queen? the pope? no didn't think so
1	by hadeel al sayegh dubai, dec 24 (reuters) - a fire at a hospital in saudi arabia killed 25 people and injured more than 100 others as it
1	four palestinians were killed on thursday, among them three who israel said were carrying out attacks on soldiers in the west bank, as
1	12000 contestants for february election in iran. 11909 are us backed dummy candidates to split the ahmadineijad's votes. wsj timesofindia
1	ltoddwood johnkerry very soon iran will be the 10th. who will be the first to start a nuclear war iran or russia?
1	george lincoln rockwell was one of the 1st to recognize that conservatives like nro buckley, goldwater &amp; reagan were cucks for israel.
1	kendrick's 2015 album may be important but it's not especially listenable. future sounds like a guy playing with a microphone at best buy.
1	seems fraud baghdadi's desperate with cheap shot against israel because he can't get muslim support for his 'state'
1	carlalyttle unitedbylarry that's ashley in the 1st pic not briana but the pregnancy is still fake af
1	when gaza march out pon the battlefield it's a funeral... israel burial, gazaaa me seh
1	watched 5 minutes of the roast of justin bieber and it may be the most brutal thing i've seen
1	neshika_ judeanpf i hear you, if i understand correctly, you're saying israel may have to totally close its border to stop the attacks?
1	when you realize that the twilight 10th anniversary edition isn't the same height as the original hardcovers :'(
1	any black american that supports what israel is doing to the palestinian people may as well go take a big old shit on mlks grave
1	swear twilight was badass vampire/werewolf shit but this 4th one is just bella &amp; edward shaggin wtf happened did the budget run out or what
1	nvmjamie "you may not be allowed to speak to justin bieber" doesn't that kinda take the "greet" out of "meet and greet"???
1	yall briana a funny ass bitch yo she may be slow asf but gosh lee she be having me dead
1	briana is 12 months pregnant tell a friend the baby may be stuck gtg
1	it may sound surprising to say "american jewish opposition to israel"...but it is sadly accurate - danielgordis
1	aliharbi9 badboy putin wont let this continue forever. he may secretly back isis in their call for uprising in saudi arabia
1	"you may say i lost everything but i still had my bedazzler" is the lady gaga quote i relate to the most. bc i have nothing but a bedazzler.
1	codeaud mariannesansum mkmknani ritzy_jewels israel will stomp you like a june bug
1	the 1st twilight is soooo bad
1	gorgeouspete this is like the 10th time they've posted this. why not put better artists on there, kendrick lamar
1	in december 27, 2008 israel started it's war on gaza with a massacre, killing more than 200 palestinian in one day
1	washington, mainstream lying media, united nations,vatican &amp; israel are the true terrorists.. your enemies!!
1	finally watching twilight for the 1st time. now i can see why i avoided it socringeworthy awkwardacting :s
1	richarddawkins not one word deploring attacks on charlie hebdo nor barbaric nature of islam in the 21st c as long as it's sharia compliant
1	when th 1st war began,my older sister was school,israel bombed an area close 2 the school.we were wondering if she's still alive27-12gaza
1	un mediator doesn't place blame in negev battle but charges israel with "obstruction of truce" in refusing access to observers [27 dec 48]
1	smittygotnohoes it's the coaching fault how is kendrick not rushing the passer anymore on 3rd down ? like cox not our best option
1	ipi_go does israel,uk,france,china,pakistan,have nukes? has the usa used them? weed one's own garden 1st.
1	world view: israel and hezbollah may be close to war again - barack sides with iran/palestine .tcot .ccot .tgdn
1	either live within the laws of nigeria or you take a hike to iran where you have publicly pledged your allegiance to
1	the 1979 islamist revolution in iran created a hijab law. we're blinded by the fact's clarity. shadihamid hsmoghul
1	depending on how this happens, it could give israel a fine casus-belli for intervention in syria...
1	-puts black hole sun on in the car- my dad asks my mom who plays this song mom: the beatles? no wait, david bowie! -.-;; oww facepalm
1	thebigkohen handaayass billiekaywwe you are a zionist,the entire world hates your kind. latest poll shows israel is the 3rd hated country
1	i am painset shimmercakes unchanged demigod of the frieks i want power and revenge against twilight and sun butt
1	boycott and sanction' power to be stripped from uk councils. awww the boycott must really be hurting israel. bds
1	keith_russell hayles_101 he won't be a legend by may when we don't get top 4 and he ends up sacked like seedorf at milan
1	what does chris evans have in common with jeremy? the potential to be the most irritating man on ghe planet.
1	northernlight stardust193 it may surprise you, but more palestinians have died at the hands of hamas, than from any response from israel!
1	cos the un appears now to be run by 3rd world dictators whose agenda is to libel israel?
1	kim kardashian is irrelavant now, unless she releases some fresh nudes.
1	chris evans admits defeat as he can't juggle both top gear and tfi friday
1	christmas may be over, but the tony bennett &amp; lady gaga commercial still has me too scared to go to barnes and noble. someonehadtosayit!
1	don't sleep on matty b, he may pull a justin bieber and snatch us all dead.
1	a shame i can sit up n call my daddy and granny nem back 2 back 2 back n they won't pick up but let briana call they answer the 1st ring
1	watching 50 shades of grey for the 1st time... it's so bad. like "twilight," if edward were a shitty dom and bella was... well, still vapid.
1	.minnman47 some rotten toothed muslim is calling for death and destruction in israel. or as israel calls it, monday.
1	assam congress leader nilomoni sen deka reffered smritini irani as pm's 2nd wife..and still rahul gandhi talks about women empowerment.
1	faizalhamssin may be coz we've been molded that all bad are from the israel &amp; western world. we have forgotten there are 2 sides of a coin.
1	i may have just bought the kimoji app for $1.99 just so i could text kim kardashian's ugly crying face.
1	milan fire as all fucks too, never seen the 2nd one tho.
1	values learnt in starting never ends ... mr sanjay nirupam is feeling sad with rahul gandhi and he may go back to join shivsena ! a.k.singh
1	indianexpress people have no interest in rahul gandhi. he may go to europe forever. he should take his mother with him.
1	remarkable honda may leave milan - if he chose lazio instead he may still have been playing football lazio wrongchoice seriea
1	tristanmarmont hey can not figure out the time of m&amp;g on january 12 in milan,me you might say? i am panicking! see me thanks x
1	mon dec 28 14:27:59 +0000 2015 "isis is on the march, being bombed by everyone it seems, to no avail. saudi arabia keeps bombing yemen as...
1	sat here dunking choc biscuits in my tea reading the daily mail.. and tells me about justin bieber new find ( xenia deli ) fuck off!! jan1
1	i can't remember if my cat gets neutered today or tomorrow and i really don't feel like driving way out to milan just to be turned away rip
1	beat manus in dark souls today. it may have taken me 3 hours but we did it. fuck that guy.
1	holy s**t, navas will not make it in milan
1	lloydchristmass trobinsonnewera i haven't seen any evidence? on the 16th of october you pinned fck israel? you sir are racist.
1	israel warns brazil faces diplomatic downgrade unless it accepts settler in occupied west bank as ambassador
1	sniperking323 it's disturbing and in the 3rd movie he hits on human twilight, flash only like her for look. jerk
1	as it's not israel, 100,000 muslims will not bother to march thro london &amp; rally embassy of murderers who did this
1	leonidfainberg harmlesstree2 bs. israel has started 7 of the 8 wars it has been involved in, the 8th was retaliation to zionist aggression
1	my family are listening to justin bieber and im just sat here feeling a little sick
1	someone should have told thor that sun in is just for hair and not for eyebrows
1	margaretsbelly amy schumer is the stereotypical 1st world laci green feminazi. plus she's unfunny
1	thetalkcbs isn't it ~time for justin bieber to be medicated c an "antipsychotic?" may i suggest haldol...he is old enough to know better
1	is leader threatens to attack israel 7 months after he threatened saudi arabia. israel must be hurt to come 2nd only
1	mattduss chrislhayes if isis does gain a foothold there, israel may regret crippling hamas' efforts/ability to control the salafists.
1	david bowie may be warning us a giant hidden planet is about to hit earth nibiru planetx
1	sonofliberty357 as they should be. obama is a muslim and may very well support isis. israel doesn't joke around with terror. kill them all
1	my family &amp; i flew from israel for 14 hours and our 2nd flight was delayed one day. we were only an hour away from home delightdelaysweeps
1	i wonder if the daily rancid will be running a front page tomorrow on the bigot-fest at ibrox. or are they only worried about ira tweets?
1	if i tell you 100 soldier will die tomorrow no one will react, but if y'all find out kim kardashian is having twins y'all lose your minds.
1	israel doesn't give a f*ck about the geneva convention - or human life unless it's in their interest. apartheid
1	israelnewsnow may israel obey the ten commandments one day? no israel thinks it is above god or justice.
1	israelnewsnow i stand with israel and they may take my home and food...no thanks god taught me to avoid pits of snakes.
1	ralphie may has got to be the laziest fucking comedian of my life.. making jokes about vaginas. it's only funny when amy schumer does that!!
1	kingpin saudi arabia posted a record $98 billion budget deficit in 2015 due to the sharp fall in oil prices finance ministry said on monday
1	seeinginfrared you may be right he was innocent.if levinson stupid enough to spy on iran about cigarette smuggling then the guy is a retard
1	saudi arabia may use up its wealth in the upcoming 5 years if their deficit along with oil prices don't change....
1	foxnews foxnewspolitics iran got the carrot, but need to be wary of the stick. iran may howl but sanctions need to be available.
1	breaking news: saudi arabia bankruptcy now on the waywithin feb for crude breakdown below 20$ for over supply and less consumption globally
1	not even syrians think of destroying israel as much as nusrah,it seems,yet israel gives them shelter &amp; medical care
1	the city of milan was brought to a standstill on monday after the local government barred all traffic within...
1	after charlie hebdo murders, some people blamed the journalists. hope they're ashamed: france now 2nd most dangerous country for reporters.
1	israel used to kill 10 arabs for every israeli soldier killed. this ratio may be reversed if hostilities with hizbollah move beyond words.
1	new violence erupted in the west bank thursday with four palestinian attackers shot dead by israeli forces as israel recoiled over a video
1	hohohohohohohoho this may be the beginning of our end! iran too is standing at the corner o
1	vanityfair alex kim kardashian worth how to love kim kardashian she's so bad sun conure to
1	etbowser do u enjoy his 2nd rate michael jackson bit? honest ques. like the can't feel face song but god it's so obvious they want mj 2.0
1	nickiminaj today you try to destroy a sir mix-a-lot hit - tomorrow michael jackson? write your own damn hooks!
1	i was sat with my auntie who has seen michael jackson live &amp; i had to watch a shitty bruno mars tribute try to sing billie jean
1	misssonalchadha take a look at rajivmessage's tweet: hindus should not use rip. u can use it for michael jackson
1	r8 has finally dropped, kanye is in his second term of presidency, michael jackson moonwalked on the sun, fuckboys gained some respect for w
1	michael jackson, if he only believed his own words, he may not of transformed himself into the ghoul
1	the best way to find malaysia airlines flight mh370 may be with michelle obama's arms.
1	many may not know that michelle obama graduated from harvard. what did she learn there? she had to surrender her law license for lying.
1	study: michelle obama's anti-obesity campaign may actually make people gain weight
1	kim kardashian may have no talent, but she's a business woman. michelle obama dont got talent. she was just that wife on the come up
1	wouldn't surprise me if michelle obama was the brain child behind isis in the 1st place. andyjoneskipper its_jihadist
1	matthops82 nightowl197395 sallykohn plus, it's michelle obama trying to pick what foods we can eat. i may have read that wrong, though.
1	danny drinkwater is just a plant from michelle obama to force healthy dietary choices on saturday morning soccer watchers. tcot
1	united wanting to sign neymar is like me wanting to marry michelle obama.. although the difference is i may have a chance
1	faux flotus michelle obama recently floated the sheerly repugnant suggestion that she may run for potus.
1	how r the christian "right" going 2 accept this from 1st lady when flotus michelle obama got slammed 4 her bare arms
1	let's put a stripper in the white house. and rwnjs say michelle obama has no class.
1	michelle obama to jump in race for president? via worldnetdaily a 3rd term 4 the communist, islamists in the wh, no
1	my 8yr old just back talked me.. on monday when he's at school i'm logging in to minecraft and destroying his...
1	hey guys. i got home from holiday in ballina and realised my webcam sucks so minecraft will be out maybe tomorrow or the next day.
1	i'm going to hang myself if neil young plays his dumb monsanto protest album front to back tomorrow night. sorry neil.
1	repmikepompeo mike i think you are a large piece of cow dung! fda may have approved gmo's but sir you must be in bed with monsanto. koch
1	rock legend neil young rightly attacking evil monsanto guardianeco ianpuddick so now he's banned from the bbc
1	monsanto owns the government: the house just banned gmo labeling | truthstream media
1	"this message is for monsanto: bring it on. you may have the money, but we have the people. and the people always win." -govpetershumlin
1	stop monsanto's dream bill in the senate via foodandwater gmo's may be very dangerous!
1	monsanto hits all the wrong notes - nationofchange
1	spectatorhealth spectator alzheimerssoc don't look too hard - you may find monsanto responsible
1	hillaryclinton is that what you want for the grandkids? mam march against monsanto
1	dairy from cows treated with monsanto's growth hormone may sharply increase cancer risk and other diseases.
1	sad to say about the big promoter of monsanto is ahead
1	the conveyor belt of 'goods' bought at monsanto supermarket. or shall we say the assembly line of puppets mon bathes!
1	did it ever occur to anyone monsanto may be executing honey bees w/ poison "round up" to control food supply by limiting natural foods??
1	thewyldheart positivelyjoan grtvnews lying bucket of turds. the clinton foundation may have taken money from gates and monsanto but the
1	new studies about monsanto's lies. bangmo stopdarkact groworganic banpesticides banglyphosate banroundup
1	blisstabitha i would bet that monsanto factors into this somehow! obvious they want to control the food supply even if it may cause cancer
1	gmwatch repmikepompeo marcorubio senbillnelson please explain why you support monsanto!
1	why in the name of monsanto am i sitting home on saturday night trolling for used rvs on craigslist..oh yeah, i have no date. fuckallyall
1	shareholders upset with syn board syngenta must explain "plan b" after monsanto pulls deal, investors say $syt $mon
1	by nick meyer in march against monsanto - as united states citizens battle legislation like the dark act (hr...
1	as chemtrails of poisonous aluminum dim out the sun, monsanto unveils new patents on gm seeds tolerant to aluminum and sunlight deprivation.
1	when you've been sold out to the nra and monsanto.
1	monsanto's roundup not good for you monsanto
1	franknamet kevinfolta still, that doesn't detract from the facts. monsanto may be monopolist jerks but their crops are safe.
1	new post: monsanto wants to replace the bees they are killing with genetically engineered flying ants
1	nice one hillary...don't want to mention tar sands, monsanto, arctic drilling and the tpp? i'm supporting bernie.
1	the last thing we need is more corn and more monsanto. 2nd last paragraph says it all. "monsanto is hot for corn"
1	california may label monsanto's roundup as 'known to cause cancer' | natural society well it's about time!
1	march against monsanto sharing info on the dangers of dihydrogen monoxide! scientific literacy is hard...
1	monsanto running a commercial saying that they care about the earth is like isis running an ad for the 4th of july.
1	march against monsanto is now just, "hey, let's try to see how much pseudoscience we can spout out!" jumping on chemtrails and big pharma.
1	kevinfolta ok- then you should have given the money back in the 1st place either way. allegations against monsanto are serious. avoid coi.
1	xboxsupport this is the 5th time i've asked now and not once have i been helped. why do i get kicked off xbl when i don't watch netflix
1	why would netflix decide there's a fucking audio problem 3 episodes i'm man c'mon! you wouldn't take the spoon from the fiend would you
1	netflix and sleep. i have to get up early tomorrow and i don't want to. i'm still recovering from t. swift.
1	c'mon, netflix...for nearly sucking cable tv dry and being every young adults favorite reason to procrastinate, you should have so much more
1	meeegnw omg i can't believe they would make another one after how terrible the 2nd one was.. is it on netflix?
1	gonna look like a cunt tomorrow when i roll up with nike jaw string bag
1	this dude at the nike store used a changing room to try on shoes. c'mon man
1	it's saturday night in vegas. i'm stuck with no clothes. wonder if i can go out and have a good time in my nike gym outfit? southwestair
1	my little brother comes home with nike elite socks and jordans, when i was in 6th grade i got wilson socks and clearance shoes from olympia
1	onthemanney hbryant42 i don't think nike was ever an option. part of it may be the small, inexperienced management team he's kept around.
1	nike didn't have what i needed so now i need to order it online and i need it tomorrow ihml
1	i'm going to see how long i can go without getting caught for wearing nike shorts tomorrow ..
1	matthew_west be careful that you're not using the same font as nike or they may say it's trademark infringement for their slogan just do it
1	dressing ghetto tomorrow with my nike sandals no socks looks like gotta cut my toe nails
1	white girls be so annoying with accessories, why you wearing a striped sun dress with a nike hat and coach bag???!
1	i don't have the money for this nintendo stop it
1	well, after more than 2 years i just got a copyright notice from nintendo on my 2nd oldest video. the culprit? the wind waker's main theme.
1	1st party nintendo games stay stupidly expensive. why is mario party 9 still $44.99 most places? definitely not the "quality" of the titles.
1	there is a certain cult classic game, the 3rd in its series, that we have been waiting for in the us but nintendo refuses to release it
1	lewiep what a giggle. when 3rd parties were desperate to work with nintendo.
1	nintendo chief satoru iwata dies at 55 the company announced iwata's death in a brief statement sunday night. as president of the video g
1	the_moviebob nintendo is not going to change like every other system they promise 3rd party support and never deliver on it.
1	lumiaus the 1520 is the first nokia i have ever had break on me. 1st. the phone stops reading the micro sim card
1	microsoftasia it has been more than a week, and as usual, no updates about my nokia in it's 2nd long hibernation in ur service center :)
1	my phone may as well be a nokia it none of my apps are working
1	i just saw a 3rd grader talking on her i phone 6... wtf is wrong with this world. i would be lucky to have a nokia in 3rd grade...
1	mom this case may be one of the most strongest cases possible but it feels like holding and using a fucking nokia!
1	dem_tilly basic needs what part of this dont u understand. i just said communication may be eventually important. get a 10 euro nokia
1	rupertmurdoch how will be hard to beat? the guy's obama's 3rd term and he's not very bright. a conservative repub will kick any dem ass.
1	leonteen08 swipesalot are people suffering because of obama's failed foreign policy think he is wonderful?
1	slim2go1 steph93065 rickcanton if we hand her the us supreme court to stack like we handed obama a 2nd term, turn out the lights.
1	obama to cameron: who taught you to draw up a kill list? cameron: you, alright? i learned it from watching you
1	a real and sustained waronwomen from the regime obama is giving $$ and nuke capabilities to. may god forgive us all
1	obama is putting us on par with every other 3rd world country
1	viper1600 outnumberedfnc doomsday may be sooner than you think w/ obama's signed iran deal. don't fret hilliary, she's history in a year!
1	debating on skipping class tomorrow bc i don't wanna deal with all the crazy people bc obama
1	gerfingerpoken that's why obama's personal records are sealed by an executive order. only the guilty party take the 5th.
1	all cheney could say is that's it's obama's fault...classic, as if iran started its nuke program on jan 1st 2009
1	while that may be obama has gotten us into one hell of a mess and makes it worse daily with failed policies kumbaya
1	if you violate a restraining order and have to go to jail, it may be because the deputy voted for obama themoreyouknow
1	want to fight obama's terrible irandeal? help us send a message by joining us at the capitol tomorrow
1	the pentagon throws the book at bowe bergdahl: it looks like the obama administration may have traded five hig...
1	follow the money. some of that $150b release to iran is going to an obama account! think about it.
1	teddyshouse2ii we had a group of 12 4 dinner. as soon as sat down they started saying obama is dead to us. who in the fuck need "friends"
1	mmeans68 i spoke with trumps campaign today. i told them colleges.thats how obama won &amp;carson moving up.got email iowa st sat. i said bring
1	was there ever any doubt that the democrats would march in lockstep with obama rather than their constituents?
1	.sentedcruz realdonaldtrump sentomcotton we don't want obama dumping them in the usa!
1	&amp;his caution on the 1st problem caused 2nd problem! "cautious on syria war, obama now cautious on refugee crisis" csm
1	as far as i am concerned you murdered stevens with obama's help. bring him down and your sentence may be lighter. you played part in murder
1	no matter why you go to war what you do with a victory does, just look at it all burn now, obama may have started a fire to big to control,
1	mark levin market crash: it's not china-it's barak obama my belief obama is working with china to destroy usa
1	jhog667 russia may be the one to take the isis down in syria, assad may get support soon, turkey and russia may collide too. obama failed.
1	iran was the biggest supporter of terrorist until obama pushed them out of 1st place!
1	obama controlling where you get to live or move into, making choices for you under any government loans you may use
1	apparently a glut of republican presidential candidates will be in ames saturday to make an already insane game day worse. thanks, obama.
1	msnbc hillaryclinton of course she does. she's running for obama's 3rd term. more free stuff &amp; abortion.
1	sggrc oracle did not bring us java. sun (and james gosling) brought us java. oracle was just responsible for crapifying it.
1	oracle so transparently bought sun just to sue the fuck out of me.
1	i'm still sad that sun is gone. and who was the genius that sold them to oracle? that's like letting darth vader babysit your kids.
1	it's friday night and i'm learning about oracle sql developer. sort it out daniel, i should be getting drunk.
1	angryref on 2nd thought, i would have 2 cute kitties and you could have my cnbc obsessed, oracle employed, somewhat grumpy husband, deal!
1	whoever decided how oracle does date arithmetic is getting kicked into the sun.
1	what agitates me is the dumb things oracle does. change behavior of program but don't change error checking. fail
1	java was dead the day sun died. i'm surprised so many tolerate(d) the bullshit oracle community
1	brightonpatch pics from sat.'s protest of planned parenthood in brighton.did you give this any coverage?
1	open devil worship comes to the rescue of planned parenthood
1	.marcorubio on planned parenthood videos: "it's grotesque, it's barbaric, and there's more to come." via lifenewshq
1	gop leaders are willing and ready for the government to shutdown over funding of planned parenthood. funding runs out september 30th.
1	wiskey1249 yes, and cruz is scheming to shut down the gov't in nov. over planned parenthood funding.
1	state + federal funds combined are about a third of planned parenthood funding, lets take back the 3rd it will help with the deficit. not..
1	prochoice uniteblue planned parenthood's foggy evil: on tuesday, the center for medical pr... plannedparenthood
1	it would be refreshing for cnn to give as much attention to the monsters at planned parenthood as you are to a panda
1	planned parenthood to give out free handguns with all abortions effective september 1st.
1	delphinium83 1/20th the pay of a typical ceo, nice. planned parenthood still a non-profit. appendectomies kill appendixes.
1	barackobama is the 1st to call a black man a niggaz &amp; call black women bitches. why? he supports planned parenthood.
1	.tedcruz comes out swinging at planned parenthood re videos. says on 1st day in office he wld instruct doj to investigate ppact.
1	planned parenthood admits it manipulates rules on fetal organ sales to maximize profit - washington times
1	"investigative video reveals planned parenthood may be committing infanticide, babies born alive, murdered, and sold." aclj "with child" kjv
1	you may try to suffer for there is cast into the planned parenthood facility in your gifts, you are above every decision is at work for p...
1	on sunday morning pastor rob mccoy addressed the atrocity of planned parenthood and their selling of baby body...
1	if you are still wondering what laws have been broken by planned parenthood, read cmp's open letter. defundpp
1	squerbsocial he's calling out the slime in d.c i don't like his support of planned parenthood.. i think he's tax plan may be lax..
1	prolifers held a large rally in petoskey on saturday. they were protesting planned parenthood, the nation's...
1	love my nro, but 1st item under the week in 8/24 issue about planned parenthood scandal was beneath you. i expect a little more, friends.
1	ninth shocking video: one "just fell out" of the womb. time to prosecute planned parenthood!
1	planned parenthood sells intact aborted babies, one "just fell out" of the womb
1	'it just fell out of the womb': 9th sting video shows how planned parenthood easily gets intact foetuses from ...
1	"late on monday, the obama administration filed a so-called statement of interest at the court in support of planned parenthood. "
1	the future must not belong to the butchers of planned parenthood! 9th video via wordpressdotcom
1	just because "the media" won't say anything about it, planned parenthood's still doing its thrifty genocidal thing:
1	stop the slander and lies about planned parenthood!! arizona at work is on the air thursday 12-1pm mst (az time)...
1	1st he disallows use of global warming, now-&gt;governor's office scrubs press release on planned parenthood via maddow
1	satan worshipers align with planned parenthood to defend the practice of chopping up babies for profit
1	an expose on what is really going on at planned parenthood. see for yourself friday at 10 pm pst on foxnews
1	please!!! watch fox news 9pm central tonight (friday) to see what planned parenthood is doing with with millions of our tax dollars.
1	sure, they did. how heinous and barbaric, and yet, the democrats stand with planned parenthood rather than babies!
1	"america's killing factory" a look behind the walls of planned parenthood. coming monday september 14th 9pm
1	foxnews get the facts on planned parenthood from the conservative media? i didn't know it was funny friday.
1	"the fire may keep the clinic closed a month or more, planned parenthood spokeswoman..org looking for a temp office" devil's hate fire ap
1	there are no suspects yet in the arson fire at the planned parenthood building in pullman. it was ruled arson after an investigation friday.
1	if you're dumb enough to believe the planned parenthood sting videos, you are complicit in burning an office
1	democrats will say blacklivesmatter as they march you right up to the doorstep of planned parenthood.
1	planned parenthood is the focus of something others like say maybe church based hospitals may be doing , the market did not birth with them
1	mt repgosar: my 1st read of the day from foxnews: congress returns to tight deadlines, key farts on iran deal, planned parenthood
1	congress will hold its first hearing on the planned parenthood controversy. guess who wasn't invited to testify?
1	while not fantastic for planned parenthood, those calling for defunding arent being honest about deceptive videos.
1	live: i'm at housejudiciary's 1st hearing on the callous videos of planned parenthood's alleged abortion practices
1	that awkward moment when the gop puts planned parenthhod on trial without letting planned parenthood defend itself
1	tgowdysc may god bless you in your fight against planned parenthood! shutting down government would make sure women never get healthcare
1	the pope is being a bae again, but i feel like the catholic church could be giving more to relevant charities.
1	hey tonyabbottmhr, the pope missed your communique on just looking after the christians.
1	realjameswoods in similarly shocking news, the sun is hot and the pope is catholic. can't believe there is anyone who trusts this woman.
1	why take the elevator from the 1st floor of pope to the 2nd? why?
1	are they closing all schools 4 the pope visit or the million man march anniversary???? foolishness. ...
1	it was just a matter of time. this pope's day may be numbered as head of church -&gt; conservative dissent is (cont)
1	it was a disrespectful travestys for potus to send 2 pro-aborts (pelosi &amp; biden) to the pope's installation!
1	michael_nutter like how are ppl supposed to pay rent? should i ask the pope on the 26th when he comes?
1	we just got an email warning us that the pope is coming in two weeks. the next email said that bieber is coming tomorrow. ack.
1	horrible news. the 17 yo girl stabbed at the pride parade on thursday died of her wounds... bde
1	the worst: the girl stabbed in the pride parade has died
1	not sure i'll get to the manchester's pride parade tomorrow :(
1	"obviously he's not going to march in the pride parade in san francisco," says one of these non-catholic fans....
1	was a part of it, still crying, still saying goodbye...ric flair may you live forever...way too much loss lately :(
1	vincemcmahon if cena wins on sunday, it will disrespect the legacy of ric flair . make the right choice wwerollins for the win.
1	imma cry if cena win the wwe title this sunday. there is no way he should tie ric flair's record for most world title reigns
1	.johncena legendary killing on mic wwerollins "triple h was never ric flair bitchh this sunday i make you mine" raw titlefortitle ngu
1	if cena ties ric flair's 16th world titles, that will truly be a slap in the face of flair. ridiculous raw
1	rick perry was going to go on are you smarter than a 5th grader? to win money to continue his campaign, but he's embarrassed himself enough.
1	gotta love the rick perry delusion ... god has tricked 'tricky ricky'.
1	looks like rick perry may be the first out in the gop race. he's out of money already!
1	rick perry may be the first to drop out. out of money. gop2016
1	i think a big part of rick perry's fall is simply that he is not a sitting governor this time around. may be jeb's downfall too.
1	rick perry may have to drop out of the race, before one vote is cast, because he has run out of money. i have mixed feelings about that.
1	i like rick perry. wish that news was about graham, jeb or christie instead
1	rick perry has stopped paying his campaign staff. is this a sign he may drop out? stop sign
1	foxandfriends realdonaldtrump -how could anyone (other than megyn kelly) compare rick perry with trump? c'mon. perry is a joke.
1	may be rick perry wishes he would have answered question he was asked 5 times in 24 hours on fox what would u do with 11 million illegals?
1	rick perry said he was the zar of stopping illegals sat there and glossed himself for 2 months how he could secure the border not 1 idea11 m
1	- rick perry may be the first establishment casualty of the gop's ridiculous 2016 primary
1	bloomberg rick perry may not have an exit strategy - new campaign-finance rules may block the normal winnowing pr...
1	amintheam gop2016 - loser of the week rick perry : not paying staff + polling at 1% or less = 1st to drop out?
1	"rick perry may not have an exit strategy." i encourage all perry supporters to read this. get the story out there.
1	christie may beat him to it but either way both are out. insiders: rick perry will be first to drop out
1	rick perry a certified moron - he's the real "cancer" to use his words - not trump via voxdotcom
1	rick perry failed at the city club of chicago luncheon today where they turned away thousands of people (sun times).
1	found fox news poll before debate without rick perry on it, this maybe why polls rigged? vip
1	rick_perry2016 check this out.it's 3rd poll i've found that doesn't have rick perry's name on it: see visits=votes
1	no mention of the border trade of mexican women impregnated till 9th month,then thrown over usa border to drop another illegal?rick perry?
1	after raising only a little over $1 million for his campaign by the end of june, rick perry has stopped paying campaign staff members,
1	iowahawkblog jpodhoretz i went to texas a&amp;m but oddly never met rick perry. i think he may have spent that year in pakistan.
1	rick perry may by a vineyard and retire so he can whine all day.
1	clever, but dishonest the way fox manipulated the polls to get kasich in the 10th spot, eliminating rick perry.
1	people why?? phil is as simple as that ridiculous state he's from. the boy may as well go have a little chat with rick perry!
1	.marklevinshow apparently rick perry is an idiot on the 14th amendment as well. he needs a levin intervention too. as bad as o'reilly.
1	hale_razor _holly_renee rick perry forgetting the 3rd thing was a career ending thing. higher offense than all hillary past smh
1	line of the day: "rick perry has the mental aptitude of two dogs in an overcoat"
1	nanjmay6478 i used to really like rick perry, just has become so bitter. he may be very sad. he should try to smile
1	motherjones berniesandersct looked like rick perry! let's see what the nj hypocrite j.scarborough has to say about this monday morning?
1	sharonlsandoval realdonaldtrump bet you haven't donated much to rick perry, if at all. he's a loser &amp; someone has to be the 1st to go out.
1	sarah palin may be the only reporter donald trump wants to have on his campaign bus because she asks only questions trump needs her to ask.
1	i swear watching that interview just made me wanna throw sarah palin and trump in a rocket to the sun
1	emaslema q: what's the difference between sarah palin and donald trump? a: lipstick you may be too young to get that
1	when sarah palin and donald trump speak for america, i think it may be time for a new revolution.
1	sarah palin's brain aged like a tub of sour cream left in the sun.
1	sarah palin being chosen as donald trump's running mate or chief promoter may be the last thing that could ever surprise folks!
1	when sarah palin met donald trump via guardian 'if this was journalism, it was not as we know it.' whitehouse2016
1	i'd say this makes me think of sarah palin's "i can see russia" moment, but that's basically the whole gop.
1	upset ohioans: can we name the rock n roll hall of fame after sarah palin and call it even? denali
1	c'mon ohio, alaska is stuck with sarah palin &amp; her clan. give them the mountain back. denali inners
1	thedkeu hi, i have a sneaking suspicion barack obama and sarah palin may be part of the dkeu. can you find out, please?
1	this sounds like when sarah palin was interviewed and didn't know the answer. claimed she was being set up.
1	tina fey may look like sarah palin but she sure as hell has a lot more going on in the brain region bossypants
1	why in god's name would cnn have sarah palin on tomorrow? there's no one else from alaska who can talk about obama's visit?
1	chicagotribune can u imagine if sarah palin did this. rex huppke would be mocking her all day! but a dem says it ...
1	made my morning coffee and sat down to watch the news...sarah palin is on. what a horrible way to start the day.
1	pls cnn why in a world u bring this idiot sarah palin on sunday great news program state of the union cnn u really fuck up my sunday
1	imagine how deprived we'd be without the sunday morning shows sharing with us the wisdom of sarah palin and dick cheney. p2 topprog
1	cnnsotu sarahpalinusa sarah palin may be a stupid cow -- but she is our stupid cow. we love her
1	my gods, sarah palin is genuinely crazy, isn't she...
1	cnn - when you waste sunday pretending sarah palin or her opinions are relevant you just admit that you've given up on being a news source.
1	i think sarah palin may have a health issue . i had a hyper - active thyroid and i still can't remember all of the odd things i said &amp; did.
1	watching sarah palin telling people to speak "american" was the highlight of my sunday. that was some classic self destruction.
1	why does the media keep giving this brain dead moron air time? former alaska gov. sarah palin said sunday she...
1	someone may want to let sarah palin know that american is a nationality, while english is a language.
1	how is sarah palin still in politics. she was and still is the embarrassment of the gop, but she may be out done by some douche &amp; his toupee
1	shouldn't sarah palin be putting her little mind onto maters such as 'who is the baby daddy for my 4th grandbaby??
1	some low hanging monday fruit: "sarah palin says immigrants to the us should 'speak american'"
1	sarah palin says us immigrants should speak "american", does she mean navajo or sioux?
1	sarah palin got french &amp; spanish "all mixed up" in high school. she would, wouldn't she.
1	sarah palin says us immigrants should 'speak american' &lt; errrr she means english right?
1	fantastic! sarah palin demands that migrants to usa 'speak american'. can't make this stuff up.
1	sarah palin says immigrants to the us should 'speak american'. just think: she could have been the vice president
1	today, republicans will talk about how much they appreciate workers. tomorrow they'll work to crush worker rights. laborday sarah palin
1	saturday night live is going to have to find a new actress to play sarah palin, she's aged too much for tina fey to play her now.
1	amandapalmer methinks one of the things that god dumped may have hit sarah palin on her noggin
1	sarah palin came out of a hole to let you know she's still shockingly ignorant
1	how does sarah palin stay so tan when she lives in a state that does not see sun 50% of the year?
1	the amount of people on facebook sharing the daily currant article about sarah palin is hilarious. (guys, it's satire. c'mon people.)
1	mjosephsheppard never said that the dems weren't mistake-prone. sarah palin is just patient zero for the stupid. in her defense gbw was 1st
1	daxgyetmhanaak people wholeheartedly believing satire about sarah palin is what got her the reputation she has in the 1st place.
1	maybe this judge is on to something..unintended consequences to make scotus listen
1	petapup1 s3nt13ntb31ng saculsacul won't be the 1st time scotus violated the constitution &amp; won't be the last.
1	politicallaughs kesgardner besides i don't believe that scotus has the power to overturn state marriage laws per the 10th amendment
1	yowan eyeamsmf however, i don't think today's scotus and fed govt would interpret the 9th that way. 9th &amp;10th have seemingly disappeared
1	the 1st amendment is being ignored while the new federal right to marriage equality made up by scotus (marriage...
1	and whytology article 3 gives scotus no legislative powers and the 10th amendment is clear. the 14th sec 5 requires an act of congress.
1	jspoupart joec1776 no. congress makes laws and the scotus settles disputes. in this case, the 1st amendment lost.
1	realdonaldtrump disappointed on your comment on scotus using the 14th amend to void millions of legal votes by state citizens. sad usa
1	suggestion - get familiar with 1st amendment. it pretty much strikes down all scotus rulings regarding gay marriage, holiday celebrations
1	6th circuit &amp; scotus denied kimdavis appeals &amp; upheld bunnings order, what the heck makes her crappy lawyer think they'll do something now?
1	it absolutely bothers the liberals that scotus ruled the 1st amendment applies to campaign cash as founder's intended! cspanwj pjnet p2
1	politibunny brakinggnus dangoddu jbryant710 scotus violated the 10th amendment to the u.s. constitution not allowing kimdavis 1a right
1	israel4911 letha_hughes it was the 14th that scotus ruled was being violated in blocking marriage equality. news not your strong subject.
1	the scotus claimed under the 14th amendment they could make the same sex marriage ruling. no matter how far you stretch it isn't there.
1	sniffjenkum scotus has no authority to make law. only congress may legislate. separationofpowers abuseofpower
1	cspanwj in their recent pro gay marriage decision, scotus has directly violated 9th and 10th amendments of the united states constitution.
1	1a: congress can't make law preventing religious freedom, so scotus interpretation unlawful const trumps case law
1	lrihendry christiec733 what's scary is that it was only 5-4. like our scotus, irving may flip on one vote.
1	tedcruz our 14th amendment is also under attack, which one do we chose? oh yeah it's up to scotus and they ruled!
1	stonecoldchik the panthers are advocating the killing of police, scotus says that "true threats are outside the 1st amendment so why aren't
1	alphakruse suz123nj papalputz otterdose matstaver scotus vitiated ky marriage law immediately b/c it violated 14th amendment
1	kimdavis appealed bunnings original order and both the 6th circuit and scotus denied the appeals why does she think it'll change now?
1	larryoconnor gretchencarlson u sound like the hated "smartset" now? is kimdavis the 1st to ignore unlawful ruling from scotus in history?
1	huckabee claims scotus made new law on ssm. no. the equal protection clause of the 14th amendment is more than a century old.
1	scotus cannot make law only rule on it. get real america. unless it's healthcare.then they feel they can.
1	scotus apparently is saying that gays have an equal right to marriage under the 14th amendment.
1	ohio has defined marriage as one man and one woman, if scotus now writes law, guess ohio has no law and you may marry who/what you wish.
1	fixthecourt judge rules that he can not issue a divorce for same sex couple because of scotus decision.
1	what's with this twitter account? it's like the seinfeld episode where they talk about themselves in the 3rd person.
1	i told someone about how i once sat on the floor of my hotel room and watched seinfeld for hours and they threatened to punch me.
1	hbryant42 venus missed so many neutral shots in 3rd set that she never let serena feel the pressure; she let her off the hook, in a way.
1	davidjonesrc serena&gt;venus yes. if asante samuel doesn't drop an easy int eli may not even be with giants anymore. you are eli overrated
1	may or may not have twisted my ankle reenacting serena vs. venus with my roommate last night.
1	italian police stopped california rapper snoop dogg on friday as he prepared to board a private plane bound for...
1	after espn did that whole documentary for snoop dogg son, he quit the team before his 1st game.
1	gdouque i may have to unfollow you for spelling snoop dogg with only one g
1	young buck may face five years in prison due to smoking marijuana with snoop dogg
1	no snoop dogg tomorrow, out with illness. i was really looking forward to snoop after classes tomorrow. it's how this day just went today..
1	snoop dogg cancelled his performance at the fair tomorrow... turns out he had a prior commitment for mitch-a-palooza.
1	iranian general says israel's iron dome can't deal with their missiles (keep talking like that and we may end up finding out)
1	talking about act's &amp;&amp; sat's, deciding where i want to go to college, applying to colleges and everything about college stresses me out.
1	they may have a superbowl in dallas, but dallas ain't winning a superbowl. not with that quarterback and owner. s4nyc rasmussenpoll
1	afc away fans on saturday. all this stuff about the 'she said no' chant. it's bollocks. when he has the ball, just turn your back on him.
1	melmurmel pbandjenelley_1 vl_delp_ham_ jenelle lies,1st she said she was alone &amp;the hosp.now she's saying how weird it was for keiffer's
1	homegrown talent missing on signing day: throughout most of the day on wednesday, the video scoreboard ... raleigh
1	joeeewilliams that sucks, amazon might have some left .. hate that i won't have it until 11am on tuesday though
1	rosanne_89 nooooooooo rosanne! they've just restocked them and me going overseas sunday means i can't afford them :'(
1	"paperchasinal: damn next saturday tho" niggas was trynna get shit over with early
1	"obma fails 2unite us, he divides us by sex, color,party,age, wealth nevada's 1st latino governor votes early for romney, predicts gop win"
1	just found a piece of candy that may have been injected with something. why
1	niggas be on the lakers dick...we still gon finish damn near first seed...while yo team be struggling for the 8th spot
1	apple ceo apologizes for error-ridden new map app: apple ceo tim cook apologized friday for the company's error-ridden new mobile map...
1	esperance will be without star player youssef msakni for the first leg of the champions league final against al ahly on saturday. africa
1	chrischris__ the sun: paolo di canio says beating aston villa tonight would be like having sex with madonna. legend
1	obviously, i am not a fan of dream high 2 and i haven't even watched it! well, i watched the 1st ep,that's where i heard that song!^^
1	not wearing make up to dublin tomorrow until i'm getting ready for the party. help.
1	upset alert in acc men's soccer: 1 maryland down 4-2 to wake forest late in the 2nd...and down a man after an earlier red card.
1	really bored of this host on super sunday doing nothing but talk and rave about man utd biasprick
1	meganwitmer that's crazy. i'm more jealous of u going to joe pa's grave! i was sad saturday when i walked past where the statue should be:(
1	with all benson's attention, frankie feels like a forgotten stepchild. lets 'founding father' him so he know we will never forget 2nd place.
1	police, protesters clash at republic day march in turkey: on a day marking the 89th anniversary of the founding ...
1	buckbelue8 why do you think murray may leave? no way a team drafts him before the 5th or 6th round!
1	politicalwire i'm still shaking my head at that decision and that the heat &amp; knick are actually playing tomorrow at msg.
1	the glass may be rising, but it's not getting any warmer here, lago del desierto, argentina
1	i -may- be the only girl on the face of the earth that doesn't find channing tatum attractive. callmecrazy justsayin donthateme
1	give me 5 mins with candy the dancer from deja vu i'm nutting on my 4th pump she that bad lol
1	honesty is often best policy: fabio capello, russia coach: "i was hoping ronaldo's injury was more serious so he couldn't play tomorrow."
1	this is austin rivers 1st game and people sucking him he a rookie chill !
1	hockeyyinsiderr " oilersnow: gagner's agent says talks continue, will have hearing on friday if no deal" msm just proved you're clueless!
1	jessiewagnon tcswagg nooooooooo!!!!!! maybe you can just look over it right before the test tomorrow and do that first
1	axl rose needs to just give up. now. not later, not soon, not tomorrow. now!
1	i wonder what cortese is thinking after watching that 1st half of total wank? as for boruc you are a disgrace and a complete twat. saintsfc
1	okay me and megnicolelewis are about to watch the woman in black. this may be a terrible night.
1	"how many continents was the challenge filmed on?" "21?" okay, what did you fail 2nd grade?
1	i've been on tv a few times now. still waiting for the call from itv about dancing on ice though. starting to think i may be too famous.
1	jenscibs they canceled the frankie date that was supposed to be tomorrow. so now everyone is going to the rescheduled show in south bend.
1	lin picks up a loose ball and just trucks stuckey. unfortunately, that's not allowed, to bench with 4th foul as pistons reclaim lead, 67-65.
1	not sure what im going to be for halloween yet. sun shine is just too obvious, larry bird is the front runner as of right now.
1	i feel do bad.. my boo asia bday event maybe cancelled for this sunday!... i was soooo looking forward to it
1	yvettenbrown damn, i just got cougar town cupcakes and was going to bring them tomorrow to share. i *shouldn't* eat all 12 alone...
1	kobe in the 4th is like eli manning. beware
1	scariest man alive. kendrick perkins is close 2nd "jemelehill ray lewis is probably the only human being ever not born with an indoor voice
1	sundays in the sag is like a friday in idaho.....boring as fuck!
1	"will you have lunch with me tomorrow night?"-random hoe that's hitting on castle "nooooooooo"-beckett
1	work almost over with then these negros won't see my face till monday night!
1	3rd and goal at the 1 and rivers throws a int. terrible pass by rivers . bad decisions cost u games. geez half time sd 10-3
1	matt02392 is on the radio instead. mt waterloord: it's the first week without any waterloo road. going to be a boring thursday.
1	staceyx8x lmao, from a garage in boro. my mate went in for drink on sunday night but they wouldn't serve him because it was too late, so
1	hmmm... it occurs to me that i haven't received a residual check in nearly a year now. i think i should email sag tomorrow.
1	raggyrach next wednesday going to the disney one. no chance avril will go to the universal night wimp
1	justinbieber is gonna be in louisville, kentucky tomorrow &amp; i can't go to the show. i guess i'll just sit and listen to his music &amp; pretend
1	theamazingsalah you're saying perseverance in all instances. that doesn't mean occupyauc is equivalent to 25 jan revolution. see the diff?
1	fabio capello (russia's head-coach) wishes cristiano's injury was more serious. (russia will play against portugal tomorrow in the wcq)
1	i think i may be the only person around not excited that beyonce is the half time performer for the superbowl.
1	the fact that i have no plans tomorrow night &amp; it's my last night in fl for a min &lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;
1	news release 09 october 2012 customers of the negros sub-grid experienced a partial outage today at 5:45pm (cont)
1	i do worry about the mentality of the average tweeter when i see jeremy kyle, and "christmas" trending on november 1st...
1	mostdumbestlaws: a betrayed wife is legally allowed to kill her adulterous husband, but may only do so with her bare hands. (hong kong)
1	nick diaz said he would "fight gsp tomorrow if the ufc asked". except, you know, they wouldn't... because you're suspended...
1	protest against the mitch daniels purdue presidential nomination tomorrow loeb theater 2:30 pm. bring a friend! soapurdue
1	mona_elashry ...those who killed sadat are the reasons why egyptians struggled in the past, and may face uncertain future ..
1	watching my favourite oprah behind the scenes (for the 4th time) when jennifer hudson goes awol. 'excuse me, what the hell is going on?!'
1	time for james harden (34 points) to step aside and let jeremy lin takeover the 4th linsanity sarcasm
1	nfl commissioner roger goodell says he may cancel the pro bowl: would you care if there was no pro bowl?
1	we're experiencing some issues with fuel tv (ch 39). should be back up friday or monday.
1	is it evil to laugh when a 3rd grader reads a short story, and at least five times, mistakes the name "becky" for "blocky?" stickingtoit
1	gianicos mikejefferiesl4 that's like blaming rafa for the season we finished 7th while ignoring the negative impact of cecil and h&amp;g!
1	visit to iran by five euro mps was called off sat after tehran refused to let them meet with a jailed activist
1	niggas was really on some 10th grade shit tonight
1	toi israel admits 1988 killing of arafat's deputy: israel for the first time on thursday admitted responsibility...
1	jamesjammcmahon get donbroco on february for valentine's day, the suave fuckers
1	buffalo bills' kyle williams misses practice thursday: for a second straight day, buffalo bills... bills nfl
1	i go on channel 7 to see what the weather is gonna be like tomorrow and taylor swift singing.. eewww getoffmytv
1	miss those days , when all the relatives would just gather at 7th uncle house and celebrate chinese new year , i guess it'll not happen agn
1	loanwatch: ben amos is a doubt for tonight's hull city game vs doncaster (2nd round league cup), with a groin problem.
1	on october 25 2011 i told taylor swift i wouldn't listen to her until she wrote about something else. one year later and here we are still.
1	oh and rafa said before the injury he was having the best year he ever had was 1st in the race... :( m6
1	jamesduffy01 of others...jenelle may have made mistakes but she has time to change and be a better person...its too late for you...fuckhead
1	greysonchance it's not fair, dear... truthbetold will be available in taiwan on 2, nov. it's tomorrow!!
1	3rd mariah song of the night and nooooooooo. that was so bad. xfactor
1	ivancartercsn billy cundiff. his missed fg at the end of the 2nd quarter changed the game. he'll never play again
1	i would be so happy that its a late start tomorrow ... but nooooooooo , i have to go to catch up day because i failed my fcking french test
1	i'm not gon believe that victor cruz is the real deal until he lines up outside, no slot, and doesn't disappear like he did sunday
1	should'nt have watched the grey last night because walking down a dark driveway when the sun decides to play hookie is not a good time.
1	niggas boutta be droppin like flies down georgetown tomorrow , you wont catchh me there !
1	hackers have already defeated windows 8, and readwrite mobile ranked it 5th in interface design, behind ios and android.
1	so i heard my old crush is going to the bell game tomorrow and wanna talk? wtf? :o weird
1	the storm will be moving inland to cny tomorrow. that's when i'll get worried about my family. living right on oneida lake.
1	january jones in jason wu: usually i adore january's red carpet looks but this isn't for me. nude with black mesh =meh
1	refriedbrean and then both teams took dumps in the 2nd round of the big dance, ku flaming out against ucla, mizzou losing to northern iowa.
1	cupid did so much work da 1st time that he don't wanna be my friend no more
1	i will not be able to handle harry's voice in kiss you..and i may not survive after hearing all the songs on take me home in their entirety.
1	vanessacaterina damn i don't wanna get on my computer. tomorrow :( my harry feels are out of control and the outtakes video broke me
1	moretti_crowned robcitrullo i'm on the last 3 episodes for the 10th time. i still want to bootfuck phil &amp; johnny sac every time they talk.
1	happy valentine's day is trending? ?? but... it's not even february?
1	kendrick perkins may have the worst goatee in all of sports.
1	friday's cnet update is playing one republic : apple ceo says sorry for ios 6 map mess apple ceo tim cook has said he was "extremely sorr
1	gop has set the bar very low with a 4th cycle promoting a grossly un-american idea: potus as elected autocrat. civics101
1	can't wait to hear tomorrows cmag meeting about horny (coni ) report. baages wait &amp; watch you will be grilled tomorrow ! cmag a hope.
1	this bitch backyardbetty just put frog back on lmfao throw back thursday
1	"no you may not kick it." -tribe called quest answering a text from billy cundiff
1	my body is exhausted. i walked from 79th and jeffery to the lakefront, where i accidentally sat on dead fish, to 55th and king dr. and back.
1	my mama going to jacksonville saturday ,i would go but she want let me ,i'm on "punishment".!
1	and to the 2 girls in front of us that sat down and played temple run the whole time, why did you even come? confused
1	too soon? amazon opens black friday deals store: thanksgiving is weeks away, the world series only ended on sund...
1	the ending to the grey may be one of the most bad ass endings to a movie i've ever seen
1	bballsource he just got completely, utterly lost.. it's not like there was a viable 2nd option, everyone knew it was parker's shot!
1	i'm assuming that heb ran out of candy and people decided to give out pizza instead because it was busier than super bowl sunday today
1	in 27 hours i know if im gonna see the boys live on may 1st!! omgg im sooo scared for tomorrow!
1	charles_sings lorenzo beasley. he was killed on july 17th of last year on the corner of 53rd and king dr. ~mile 5
1	watched the vow for the 5th time and i'm still tearing. what's wrong with this movie. it's tooo... omg i can't even.
1	realized that i've just spent halloween, super bowl sunday, and my last two birthdays either in the library, or in a computer lab..
1	bullandfox as a point, flacco had a 0.3 qbr last sunday. even vet qb had a bad day.
1	fuck you, band that covered it on friday night, and fuck you ricky martin for existing in the first place you big jerk.
1	cofield should have hopped off the dm sticks after his 3rd year. niggas was tired of him lol
1	you'd think after not replying to the 3rd text the twat face would get that i fucking hate him.
1	registering for my act's and sat's at the last minute -____- i am so tired
1	lmfaoasdfghjklomg. i just saw a picture of jenelle from the 1st day of school in 5th grade.. damn that nigga changed.
1	neilharmantimes just noticed you using the spanish abbreviation "no sure", no? think you're missing rafa, mon brave
1	have to say i think jason &amp; taylor may have been robbed by the married duo tonight of blake &amp; miranda...
1	2nd night parker has been on it ..boy oh boy
1	if you are a family member, friend, or fan of austin rivers you may want to unfollow me. this is about to get ugly.
1	ihsanomi seriously i think he may pull out his gat and shoot me! i need to call upon castle greyskull for my powers ihavethepower
1	refuse to admit that it's 3rd year. bring on my groundhog day
1	nelsonnium i'm not sure about what evra is upto. i like buttner. should be given more games.rafael cannot defend. we might see a buy in jan
1	reading the sun and watching jeremy kyle. where did it all go wrong? better do some work. ashamed
1	omg the music video comes out tomorrow! btw i still can't get over harry's voice :')
1	gov. mitch daniels is rallying republicans with a rare appearance that may have violated h
1	i always cry wen i listen to avril singing tomorrow in dublin,i just remember everything bad happened to me :/
1	and on tuesday, harry redknapp distanced himself from the job following speculation he was planning talks with the club.
1	i may be the odd man out on this but i don't get all the buzz on this kendrick lamar. decent i guess, but not stellar.
1	this may be a reason to swap, ios has too many daft games. "android is a desolate wasteland when it comes to games."
1	alright, if my daughter keeps singing avril just to annoy me, i may be forced to retaliate.
1	actually, i'd like to omit the vaccines from my top 10 and move kasabian in at 9th, with the enemy dropping to 10th. told you i can't do it.
1	2nd coming: will blacks america debate the 2012 election bet truthfighter1 i'm tired of hearing ppl say potus haven't done anything 4 blks
1	sandy, if you have ruined my chances to see bruno mars on monday i will go buck wild.
1	art carolinemanzo: do you think nyc should host the marathon sunday?..why would they when soooo many desperately need help,where is respect
1	lady gaga fears classmates: los angeles, nov 1 (ians) singer lady gaga is still in touch with some people from h...
1	wait if the power is out tomorrow then i'm going to miss a new how i met your mother, nooooooooo
1	terrible play call on 2nd and 7. victor cruz on a slant? te? nicks sideline? how about any of those?
1	nofucksgivinfebruary just don't give a shit about anything, this may pose a problem on valentines though
1	embarrassing. rams cut alexander. yes i know he's from mizzou. but c'mon. chiefs d makes unknowns look like pro bowlers.
1	whiteboytatted paperchaseent_ y'all tryna fuck with chapel hill tomorrow night???
1	so i have a red eye flight home from ca sat. night at 1am pst w/ layover in dallas on cst along with the clocks being pushed back an hour.
1	fuck sat! act is where it's at! :d
1	fox chicago, you make me angry. playing the vikings vs redskins over the nfc championship rematch 49ers vs giants tomorrow????
1	lady gaga fears classmates: los angeles, nov 1 (ians) singer lady gaga is still in touch with some pe... yahoonews
1	ddoughtyonair sobotucker however, he has confirmed breaking a chair in the duke pressbox, 2nd such destruction at a duke sporting event.
1	capello bemoans language barrier in russia: russia coach fabio capello spoke monday of his frustration at the la...
1	i have to go to chapel hill tomorrow and the usps still hasn't contacted me or found my damn speech processors!!!! i hate the usps
1	acta on choo getting thrown out at 2b with 1 out and down by 2 in 9th. "you have give the tying run a chance to come to the plate."
1	i noticed all the huddlestone haters were conspicuous by their absence yesterday, particularly when he assisted bale for the 1st goal thfc
1	wow drew peterson was just convicted on september 6th for murder of his 3rd wide and they never found the body of his 4th wide smfh
1	our wacky wednesday promo, is going a bit ground hog day!!! i say our our wacky wednesday promo, is going a bit...
1	what's worse than being stuck in a time loop of groundhog day? being stuck in a monday loop.
1	if jenelle comes to the game tomorrow... i'll die missherlots itsbeentolong mybaby
1	markhalperin arrogant! came to 1st debate knowing he's leading in polls so he didn't have to prepare! then romney shows he can be potus.
1	ryan's going to amsterdam tomorrow :( wahhh but who the fuck even goes there
1	rioferdy5 relaxing?u have a match with chelsea tomorrow.oh,i see.u don't wanna get owned by chelsea's youngsters like bale did.shame cfc
1	out castle sun. and staying there until tues. mother said "it aint safe up dere in that new york wit sandy all thru dere" fvck you, sandy.
1	because y'all have been complaing about him allll the dam time.. not like me since i was in 3rd grade parker has been my main baby &lt;3
1	'sos' not an over the top comedy: ashwni dhir: mumbai, nov 1 (ians) forthcoming comedy "son of sardaar" might be...
1	talkmaster hope you are wrong sir. and welcome back to jacksonville tomorrow for your last show here. sorry i can't make it.
1	_justanother1 smh i'm just waiting on the black ppl to cuss me out tomorrow about denzel lol niggas!!!
1	apple ceo 'extremely sorry' for problems with new maps: source: --- sunday, september 30,...
1	from_a_balcony haha. you know i cant deal with athens after last saturday. hear their ignorant asses talk about the game. lord help me
1	donmanolo_ jakemcwavynyc you can't be serious you're acting as if parker just sat down for those rings. parker makes the spurs what they r
1	mgska55 laromabella i wanted to smack eli manning for falling asleep with the rest of the team during the 2nd half on sunday. hahahaha
1	jaggerhope91 oiler fans are unhappy with, 45 points each season, gagner as their 2nd line c. habs fans should hate 28 point eller as a 2c.
1	fran says paterno was very congenial to the media in his early years. age &amp; perhaps betrayal by media may be part of his rift with media.
1	the new bruno mars song is wicked. it sounds like a cross between the police and michael jackson. i may or may not play it 14 times/day..!
1	guildwars2 c'mon guys fix this please, i dont want this to end up how diablo iii did....... :.(
1	seems my new ipod doesn't like kasabian very much- laptop has crashed every time it's got to syncing empire. 10th time lucky...
1	i'm going to the duke game on saturday. haha. duke. what'a joke they are.
1	monta ellis commits his 1st foul! he's cold with 2 missed fts, a foul and a miss to start q3. bucks trail bulls 70-60, mid q3.
1	niggas is having 7th grade fights on here you in high school i can't even deal.
1	dear spurs, you are out of coc, not in champions league and come may wont be in top 4. why do you even exist?
1	mcmwiti really? really? terry's guilt was well proven, tv footage was available. suarez was punished of the strength of evra's word. c'mon!
1	okc thunder center kendrick perkins may miss the preseason due to a wrist injury
1	this is ball shit because i broken my ankle on sunday at football the army won't let me in for 1year thanks callum "twat"
1	doing some serious sucking up tonight so i can go harry's tomorrow :( hellomnamesjim
1	the boys: calvin watkins explains why sunday night games are bad luck for the cowboys and...
1	'no favorites' for russia-portugal clash - capello: moscow, october 11 (ria novosti) - russia's match with portu...
1	cletisstump brain is fried ... won't turn off ... feels like ground hog day ... may need shock treatments to reboot!!!
1	chrislong88 look at the countries we're playing, we were 6th seeds. also we're missing ched evans, bellamy, ramsey, collins etc etc!
1	they better take joe pa to the pet semetary... they may never win agdin
1	activists demand release of jharkhand tribal leader: new delhi, nov 1 (ians) condemning the arrest of woman trib...
1	acta gets the ax. wrote about him and other managers on the hot seat on tuesday
1	"did you see that andy carroll header? what technique!" "c'mon! that's not technique. technique is passing the ball 5 yards 50 times."
1	unless you got a throw back thursday picture with michael jackson i don't give a fuck about your faggot ass picture
1	bale doesnt celebrate his goal but races over cuddling dempsey on the 2nd. illustrates perfectly the bullshitting spotlight whores they are.
1	sunday is turning out to be the day when i play temple run. social life is a joke only. forever alone lvl 100000000.
1	stop that my dude..."kbutter5: dook football, even the sun shines on a dog's a$$ some days. unc"
1	born in february close to valentines. through all the heart pains i still look for love guess imma always b crazy
1	i realize bellamy is a freshman qb but the play selection leaves a lot to be desired, option toss on 3rd and 7 cmonman
1	harrysilk aston villa are a joke mate and so is your profile pic u may wanna hit the gym b4 u head to the bridge w your bitch slaps jogon
1	why every time twitter email me saying we found pple you may know its a bunch of niggas....where the hoes at twitter ?
1	cheringbiebs my birthday on february. my friends think it's for valentine's day but i don't believe so. :(
1	she said that some day soon, the sun was gonna shine. and she...couldn't have been more wrong! my valentine.
1	awwww shit i still got some new amsterdam in the fridge. mmhmm tomorrow after work ima need that before i go out
1	sherbetgal we couldn't make it to jan though edd is 4 jan! i'm a feb kid &amp; if it coincides with the cny, i only get 1 ang bao! bah!
1	if they play new born tomorrow instead of ss i will throw one of the mouldy donuts in the flat at bellamy and his shitey roulette wheel
1	how are you spending your saturday night? i'm currently sitting crying my eyes out to the vow.
1	iiamneeson all i can say is that it was very unrealistic. the 1st movie was better-storyline, dialogue! and of course "the grey" thumbs up!
1	tomorrow is last day for early voting in nevada. i am not inspired to vote early. i don't like many of the choices. most suck balls.
1	can't watch rafa's "i'll be back" video til the end, it's too heartbreaking :( plus it just reminded me he was up 5/1 in ao 5th set...
1	austin rivers is overrated i don't see how he came out in 1st round
1	our left side is the weakness, 1st game for young after injury and evra.. well evra is evra.
1	they should make february 13th desperation day.
1	it seem like it's national kissing day every other thursday! who tf made that shit up??!
1	harry redknapp tells espn that rumours he has an interview with blackburn on tuesday are wide of the mark: "no chance, i am playing golf!"
1	ghost rider 2 is some bullshit smh it will be back in the red box tomorrow
1	centre suffering from 'policy paralysis', alleges jayalalithaa: jayalalithaa on tuesday charged the upa go... news
1	ghost rider 2 is pretty shit.. i liked the 1st one in all honesty but the 2nd is badly directed.. the shaky camera style is disorientating
1	new shit 10 things to know for friday: the u.s. postal service, on the brink of default on a second... new swag
1	wsj: the u.s. postal service reported a $5.2 billion quarterly loss, says it is nearly out of cash.&lt;-- sat mail will be gone very soon...
1	nobel peace laureate jose ramos-horta warned monday that syria risked becoming a new somalia as he voiced pessim ...
1	extra point is no good. its dsu 28, morgan state 20 with 5:02 left in the 3rd quarter.
1	i keep thinking about the fact that mmg will be in lexington on saturday and i won't be there:(((((
1	so june 9th is the day. this is gonna be worse the the galaxy foams
1	jimbobohan burko77_ i certainly wouldn't be spending my hard earnt taking the kids to see say shels 2nd xi v us, clubs will fold no doubt
1	francesco totti thinks roma will be unable to catch juventus &amp; wants the seriea side to aim for 3rd this season
1	watched the wiggles for the 1st time. was embarrassed for those men &amp; then i remembered that they are probably filthy rich. parenting
1	madison don't wipe your black lines off !! "it's like ash wednesday, you don't wipe that shit off."
1	how have i missed that today is national margarita day?!?!? kinda doesn't go with ash wednesday.....
1	michael5sos are you coming to nz tonight or tomorrow morning?? waaa im so confused ):
1	muterundumo good argument, however its a gamble that won't pay off, worse still i think the constitution has a deadline of dec 4th
1	"xochilihcox c'mon leo where's endymion....... or amsterdam i know he likes amsterdam." those songs are shit compared to the ones i put
1	dr jan radio 2ue tonight with david oldfield re kevin rudd's sad loss of family cat. pets deserve honouring cos they love unconditionally.
1	i guess knicks/heat is on for now. pretty clear that tomorrow's game wasn't going to happen.
1	literallyfedup 1/2 white? does'nt matter;malcolm x may hv been as well.still no specifics.u ppl don't hv ideas except make bombs killem all
1	kelly_carlin i just got back from hawaii on monday and i'm feeling sick too.
1	mncim, the rain that stopped last saturday's game wasted our time waitse! maybe ss4 would be playing something better tonight.
1	valentine day has been cancelled..what? why? how? you may be asking. but you see it's simple math.. 14-2-12 =0
1	world war 3 has been going on in my house since monday. how long do these things usually last?
1	lack of communication from nycdoe very frustrating regarding reporting time for work tomorrow. thank you uft and gothamschools for info
1	chewbekahh but if he shaves again like at elimination chamber earlier, i may have to hit him!
1	march 3rd 2010 -do you think kevin rudd is superficial? yes 85.3%(6513 votes) no 14.7%(1122 votes) rudd being revealed as a failure auspol
1	centre for social justice report on gangs - one year after the riots. d policy may have exacerbated problems.
1	i haven't worn makeup since ash wed. ;o &lt;3 i don't like it anymore .
1	monday morning caltrain ride from home to work is always to short. i know that i may be in the minority with that opinion. fb
1	andrew_heaton i think we need 3 first xi ready players in january. that's a huge ask unless you're prepared to overpay
1	rudd rains on abbott's parade: kevin rudd may be trying to spoil julia gillard's party but yesterday he gate-cra...
1	why these mfs jus blastin "rella" like itz the hood on saturday n shit lolz smh
1	they stop filming 'the butler' tomorrow. and i still haven't found alan rickman!!!! -explanation- he's been filming that movie here in la
1	just watched "project x" for the 1st time, im unamazed.. y'all hyped it way past what it was..
1	1st of all in my world theres only good n evil! real ppl n fake mf's!this is why i really feel jlin won't make it!not durable like yao ming!
1	besides the game 1 2nd quarter knicks vs heat game... this might be the poorest officiated game throughout the entire playoffs bro. smh
1	interview at kfc tomorrow, how the fuck i'm going to understand a single work said idek, i hardly understood the interview set up
1	navi rabbit in for spay on tues and she's just had a phantom pregnancy. what timing. this means day of bunwatch and raspberry pi. no city :(
1	it needs to storm february 9th so endymion can get canceled and all the parades would then start at 7am sunday. mardigras nola
1	shit's going down this sat. at neighborhood theatre drop!thard
1	djmizuhara right! where is the 2nd vita heaven? vita is a zombie right now. maybe sony is busy on the ps4 and just forgot about the vita.
1	it's ages since i had kfc, well apart from the mush in a bun that passed as breakfast last sunday, that doesn't count though
1	not convinced by the haye v chisora fight upton park on saturday.....personally i'd rather have seen carlton cole v emile heskey
1	anyway, sorry for these random tweets about the finder. unfollow for the night. i'll be back to normal sports stuff tomorrow
1	the big l is strictly gunplay i run thru church n pistol whip the priest every sunday. damn :|
1	golf capsules: nick watney missed a chance for a 59 on sunday in his cimb classic victory, closing with a course...
1	the only thing i may truly miss about lexington is shoto's !!!
1	knicks vs. pacers in the 2nd round of association mode. upset the 1 bulls
1	this nigga octobersown91 just hit a full court one handed shot with brook lopez...smh, 21st birthday shit
1	ghost rider: spirit of vengeance was a lost cause. you had nowhere to go but up after the 1st movie. and then you decided to dig a hole...
1	so disappointed with the movie ghost rider: spirit of vengeance. so not better than the 1st ghost rider movie
1	jagobrown91 in lewis on the 5th they're burning effigies of guy fawkes, the pope &amp; whoever else they presently dislike. sussexy indeed...
1	finally saw the galaxy foams in person on saturday... let's just say &lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt; smmfh ugly ass shoes!
1	rattlecans the mere mention of catholics makes my blood rise - and i was raised catholic. rejected somewhere around 5th grade.
1	and also, haven't been able to check and cba updates since sunday. if anyone hears any news, please pass it along to me. thanks!
1	project x on a monday night? fuck it
1	i was definitely hype for that knicks and nets game tonight &amp; give brooklyn they 1st l fuck you hurricanesandy
1	i had a "nightmare" last night where i missed the 2nd rd of my fantasybasketball draft and they autodrafted me jr smith. truestory lol
1	dannyislington nah i havnt knew about the adidas deal! u like it? i'm undecided.... where u watching game sat? i'm trying to get it off!
1	if you call me 'good girl' one more time you may find my scolding hot coffee heading towards your crotchal region.
1	ss but they have really good music and it's a very sad thing that mitch lucker died may he rest in peace ripmitchlucker
1	raiders_spurs reggie isn't interested in dealing picks like the old regime. can't see him parting with anything other than a 6th or 7th
1	khader exists israeli high court will hear case of khader adnan on thursday. that may well be too late. where are the protests?
1	not able to watch the enrile documentary, but i've a sense he (yet again) won't like tomorrow's inq editorial.
1	you know what, i dont give a shit about tomorrow yolo
1	"valor" video shoot tomorrow night... hope it's stupid creative!
1	bought tix for sat's nets game b4 prices jumpd and ticketsnow allowd seller to reneg w/o proof the tix arent available poorcustomerservice
1	harthanson :( for what it's worth, i thought the finder was a funny, clever show. sad it didn't even get a 2nd season.
1	my sister just sat up and asked where katie was going to sleep. she is a little too old for an imaginary friend, don't ya think?
1	going to try &amp; watch act of valor for the 2nd time. the part i seen are pretty bad ass
1	i spoke too soon. flight just cancelled. looks like i'm stranded in calgary. i'll try again tomorrow am! eek, i hope i make it iycsask.
1	caltrain just can't catch a break. mt caltrain_news about 10:30 a.m. train 425 struck a female on the train tracks south of 16th street
1	nba the brooklyn nets opener vs. the new york knicks is postponed. it was originally scheduled for thursday evening.
1	centre suffering from 'policy paralysis', alleges jayalalithaa: jayalalithaa on tuesday charged the upa governme...
1	lucas scott, c'mon! why'd you die your hair!?
1	machine gun kelly concert on the 30th!! me &amp; lstreetz bout 2 shut this bitch down!
1	emmastanis i'm in hawaii at the moment. home next friday night. don't want to come home.
1	wheeler_afc pls tv5 just get that sucker's leg (rvp) broken 4 me on saturday pls!!
1	after i tweeted about mtlgazette gary carter photo facepalm, they removed the mets photo. 2nd choice almost as bad, kid holding mets cap.
1	i dont want to talk to no one tomorrow besides evelyn , additi , nathalie , paola &amp; destiny
1	kali_boricua real shit ray allen meeting with the knicks tomorrow
1	in case you forgot panthers are horrible on defense. pathetic. ranked 27th against run and their top cb (gamble) is out w/ injury. cowboys
1	migraine since saturday &amp; a blood vessel burst yesterday in the eye where it's located. any more and i'll be rocking a marie colvin eyepatch
1	august 11th 2010 was the day i met mitch... i regret not taking a picture with him. fuck. i'll miss going to ss shows.... &lt;/3
1	laker fans should take it as a sign that they got beat by the sacramento kings twice in the preaseason...and their starters played the 4th
1	ash wednesday is always hard for me, any day focused around ash on your body brings back bad memories for me.
1	people getting off caltrain at 4th and king for the sfgiants parade are already pretty wasted... at least they didn't drive in i guess.
1	i can't forgive farrackhan for the malcolm x thing. and ninjas ain't done sht since the million ninjas march...name one thing.where the$
1	iqaluit just wouldn't be iqaluit without the drunks screaming at each other on a saturday morning ... depressing buggers.
1	zaheer khan was injured on the 1st test, day 1 of eng's tour. steve finn is now injured(thigh injury) on the day 1 of 1st tour game. hmmm.
1	i may do a 30-mile bike ride for the giants on weds cause you know caltrain is going to suck more than the cardinals.
1	michelle_foy1 kimmikaa pameatsbabies if you dont know hes the vocalist of the metal band lamb of god and is a sorta a 3rd party candidate
1	c'mon... don't play with the winans!!!
1	disappointed the knicks vs nets game got canceled tonight, but i'm even more hyped for knicks vs heat on friday!
1	desdemonaous the sun does not rise in the same constellation as your zodiac anymore. there has been a shift. astrology is a myth.
1	they tried to pull a fast one and say today is margarita day but that is false. we may be drinking margaritas but it is not margarita day!
1	topcity yep. once it's lost, it can never be returned. i was in constitution hall last fri. got chills. so much history was almost lost
1	careless world tour hit up 8 places in cali. haha the fuck, yoo.
1	no knicks tonight, this makes me upset enough that i haven't tweeted about it, you know shits gotta be real smh tomorrow night, knicks/heat
1	holger may have another selection headache with carl valeri coming off with a possible injury after 30 mins in tonight's game v cesena
1	missing hooters,my husband,my life,my photoshoot tomorrow,guess i'm gonna drink this bottle of wine with a xanax and pass the fuck out. bye
1	this is the 1st halloween my kids didn't go trick or treating... kinda sad they are too old for it now cuz i...
1	okay if you go to elon university and do not go to the rip_chords concert saturday...you're sinning.
1	kevin rudd talks about pm betrayal - updated: 19:00, sunday oct 28, 2012 senior labor mps are again batting divided ...
1	fyi. wednesday is going to suck on caltrain, if you even plan on going to work that is. parade.
1	max might have to get put down tomorrow &lt;/3 absolutely heart breaking if i have to see my puppy go. love you maxy x
1	hey mr "ego" october...gary carter &amp; kirby puckett are hofers as are you...the difference is...they were class acts...which you aren't!!
1	i haven't been able to look at todd bertuzzi the same way since the steve moore incident
1	somehow eyeshadow smeared to the center of my forehead. i look like a participant of ash wed. and i pulled out chunks of eyelashes :/ fuck
1	friday night knicks vs heat if you not watching the game wit me dont fuck with me lbs i be engaged like a mf knicksnation teammelo
1	ecuador worried about assange's health - ecuador says it is concerned about the health of the wikileaks founder, jul...
1	we always get pushed out to ss4 with ben sheppard. could be worse. could be thursday night with colin murray afc
1	umes followers don't forget, umesvolleyball takes on morgan state today at 3! be there or be really bored cuz it's a sunday. your choice
1	moomnaliaqat no problem! boi you best be at rim tomorrow lol there is like no one going to rim.. and lol i really dont wanna go to school..
1	bad news, no gibbs for saturday. unless we play tv5 at lb, we have lost before it's started. santos is a liability and will be cut to shreds
1	i think i may have spent too much on carmelo anthony. i only hope that his thick-framed black glasses will console me in the post-season.
1	ghost rider 2 sucks compared to the 1st, my mom ash are looking at it and i told them the same haha.
1	does everyone not realize the voice is rigged. ie cassadee pope sang in the signed band hey monday. or dia was half of meg &amp; dia.
1	playing jacinto on gears3 on guardian fer the 1st time nd its raining wth..
1	how can you hate on yolo....please tell me how living your 2nd time is
1	wow. tiger fires a 63 but not good enough. nick watney shoots a 59 if he birdies the 18th?!? sick
1	if barack obama cared 4 the people of nj he would lift union ban like george bush did 3days after katrina. sandy october failed leadership
1	this time tomorrow, jas_stringer and i will be well on our way to starkville for a sick weekend...the usm game is going to be atrocious.
1	khader adnan may be released, but the struggle continues. 1,600 palestinians are on an open ended strike as of today to mark prisoner day.
1	asht0nizzle susan_leperaxo tomm and sunday most likely. not sure when i'm going back. no power in nj
1	a 19th journo murdered in somalia / tokyo 2020 unveils stadium design rivals/ why madrid says it needs 2020 olympics /
1	tough one tonight for the boys. played hard but came up short with a 4-1 loss with an eng. davies scored the lone goal. la ronge tomorrow
1	picesbaby123 when we were in 3rd grade she stole my valentine day cards and crossed my name out and put hers on them n passed em out.
1	the fact that hunter hayes and carrie underwood are gonna be here saturday and i'm not going??? what notokay
1	why is my mind doing this to me? 1st i think about max and how he always knows when i'm sad and now i think about what happens when he dies
1	dudwithnozah akin and murdoch are scum, but rape jokes aren't much better brah. they may just be just a (cont)
1	dammit_ben he doesn't deserve the death penalty a la todd bertuzzi, but i think 3-5 games is fair, if not whole 1st rd.
1	vitali klitschko stopped manuel charr in the fourth round to retain his wbc world heavyweight title saturday night. eotpro
1	i just came back from mexico city... i will fail 2 subjects for not going to school for a week. if rih comes to mexico in the 14th. omg...
1	wish i was going to the rodeo tomorrow night with everyone :( stupid surgery
1	i can talk about malcolm x all day... like when i got kicked outta school in 8th and 9th grade for being too radical about black panthers
1	ignored again man c v ajax itv tues, celtic v barca skys2 wed, itv sort it out ya fuds
1	the heat is gunna kill the knicks tomorrow
1	bpshow bill, murdoch may have apologize for saying what he said but he hasn't changed his view on the matter.
1	geeeasy smh...preseason injuries..thee. worst. you know jr smith is in a boot? he was fine on monday. what the hell did he do to get that?
1	i can't believe the 3 important people in my life are going to hawaii friday without me
1	ramdev's jailed aide's pic with freedom fighters at ramlila: new delhi, aug 9: controversy erupted at the... india
1	rselectronics no i want my raspberry pi which i ordered from you in july... 19 weeks dispatch time is ridiculous!
1	valor is official screwed tomorrow.. audis and bmws aren't good in the snow.... valorproblems richkidproblems letsgetoursecondcarsout
1	rdm seriously believes last night proves sunday's defeat was unjust? if anything, i'm surprised our first xi didn't twat you on sunday.
1	siclancy didn't br want to ship him out in the dempsey deal? he's 6th choice at min behind ll, ja, sg, ns, jj. who will take cole and co?
1	simon crean still can't support the way kevin rudd was spilled from the role of pm - herald sun
1	sunnyjim123 yeah that'll be enough for him now. that was devastating. i think price would be vitali klitschko tomorrow if he had the chance
1	so, in jan 2010 darryl issa called investigating wikileaks a priority and today he dumped raw intelligence data on internet? irony, anyone?
1	ghost rider 2: spirit of vengeance, may just have enough nonsense to satisfy craigfots statham-quotient.
1	bear with me for the power crisis: jayalalithaa: chief minister jayalalithaa on wednesday asked the people of tamil...
1	horrible dream lady night....i'm tiered but today is my friday and its the start of the rodeo tonight hearthorses
1	llcoolj these people cannot know who mick jagger is...you ain't old, old skool maybe but c'mon! mick jagger has a lot more years than you!
1	okay i'm sorry but taylor swift looks nothing like jackie o so stop comparing the two. c'mon america aren't you sick of her yet? (sorry)
1	spikeeskin also i hate this themed ppv's what if i want to see an elimination chamber in july? i gotta wait six months?
1	"im going home and throwing this up... my diet starts tomorrow." -alwhit14
1	zinsernyt not sure if the marathon should happen, but by ignoring saturday's nets game that is still on, i find this article deceptive
1	ghost rider 2 is out on monday. ignore it.
1	o. johnson commits his 3rd foul! he's cold off the bench with 3 fouls and a turnover in q4. pacers losing 98-87, 4:52 left.
1	cba with work tomorrow! boring blag
1	1st 5-star review. colour of lemon sets off like a bullet train with the gruesome murder of one of sowerbutt's own.
1	will evelyn ever finish her hw? the world may never know
1	depending on your sensibilities, unofficially yours may seem progressive or derivative. too bad the leads can't supply the heat it needed.
1	the fact that so many will vote for a socialist fake liar for president is very very frightening and may bring america to ruin!
1	team rita, oh you fancy huh? 2nd place, trophies, eatin' at the blackwell 2nd place, trophies, eatin' at the blackwell. oh you fancy huh?
1	ron jaworski said 12 is the 4th best rookie qb from this rookie class wth wtf jaws is an idiot jimirsay jmv1070
1	ditatriemeiliza smthing went wrong b/w us. she is really good girl . may be i have done mistake !! . but she knows me . miss her !
1	i really thought hisd didn't have school tomorrow because it was christopher columbus day.
1	"peter_owen1: bulls season tips off wednesday night vs sacramento kings. excited is not the word." frustrated is the right one...
1	watching ghost rider: spirit of vengeance. it's much worse when you may have thought. fb
1	nonegiven101 - that may not happen now with all the sackings over in cupertino.
1	1st free.edom taken away. cant buy your size of soft drinks. 2nd.religious freedom for catholics. next? obama...coming for you
1	he may be a cheap shot scumbag, bit i fuck with todd bertuzzi
1	nooooo they delayed the knicks and nets game until monday!
1	dorcov yup. and did you watch degrassi from friday yet? looool awkward campbell
1	the brits don't need us-style debates. they debate every wednesday. then again, the uk parties don't have to work together. usually pmq
1	sorry for not replying much, working but most want sagna lb or tv5 shifted but remember kos and jenk played 120 mins tues too. toughcall
1	im so mad at catholics im going to a baptist church tomorrow and converting boilingmad
1	. dmdk party led by actor vijayakanth may not sustain for a long time under the shrewd politics of jayalalithaa.
1	martin stupid "1st notice, 2nd notice, a don't let me catch your ass in the street notice"
1	imjustanerd we may not win academy awards, but we will be the freaking people's choice dammit!!!
1	and the new season opener is against the dallas stars on thursday, oct 25. you probably shouldn't buy tickets yet. call me cynical.
1	needed the loo since bethnal green... now the other side of romford this suit might be getting dry cleaned tomorrow
1	magwer84 and who had maidana fought before the khan fight? hahahaha and he lost to devon alexander in february who is shit also! clueless
1	ian going to the game , that's a waste of money because rosedale gone demolish us 1st quater fact
1	attn: runway class for tonight nov 1st is cancelled. sorry for the inconvenience. it will be rescheduled for next...
1	"and i never had a good time while sat by your bedside with papers and poetry about estella."
1	false start penalty, garner moved early. brings up 3rd and 16 from the yale 47.
1	if i don't feel a1 tomorrow i'm not going to school rs!
1	all this damn work i still haven't had the chance to call martin about these poems. i have to do it tomorrow
1	as some of you may know we have a fish tank &amp; this little guy is named jeff carter. sadly, i think he's dying.
1	asajoseph so you wouldn't have regretted selling pires after his 1st season? i think it's outlandish to base all your judgement on 1 season
1	semi-finals tomorrow are going to be gay...
1	sister is rubbing it in my face the fact that she has no school tomorrow and i do, ulazysackofshit thalia its all love though lmao
1	no wait!! mick foley will be at smu from 10 to 11 am on 03 nov... but i still unsure on whether to go see kewei in the evening.
1	yazbanz yes i am. coz for me when henry, pires &amp; others left &amp; also cesc may be, were more sad than this rvp! but do u think he's leaving?
1	tomorrow october 25 il divo is presented in the valence forum here in venezuela! and i'm not going hahaha
1	robbie keane speaking now: "we let ourselves down and we let the country down. it wasn't good enough on friday." rtesoccer
1	sinbadbad i do believe trayvon may be innocent or may not, but i don't like it when people gin up mobs &amp; hate even if they don't mean to.
1	i may go off the grid till 11/7. "christians" keep driving me further from christianity. pregnancy after rape is science, not "god's will."
1	sooo.. what you're telling me is that no one is down to get drunk as shit for the cypress game tomorrow and talk shit to the cypress kids?
1	i miss my bestfriend,octaveia, my cousin ,april .. my bestie,kaliyah, tricey, dasia,mikia,&amp; the other people i miss with at richwood !!
1	tristan_jet iidontrespectit martin isn't a leader for the 2nd unit like harden. your guys bench is done plus westbrook is a ball hog
1	i hate asap on friday !!!! why i have busy always in the end of week :(
1	the world bank cut its economic growth forecasts for the east asia and pacific region on monday and said there was a risk the slowdow...
1	but then i don't get why ep kings are gonna play super rugby but they still playing kwi 1st div.. crusaders aint no puma's just so they know
1	i don't give a fuck though, it's all about sockersweek chicagomagicpsg friday night lights at olympic park
1	rick stein really is incredibly dull. bring back kids' saturday morning telly please. you know, with pop groups and stuff sarurdaykitchen
1	'saturday kitchen' is on and it's sunday. mind = fucked.
1	uh oh..just turned on cardinals game...1st thing i see state farm commercial with kerry wood..not a good sign for cardinals
1	becker_boris it's almost 2 am in bkk but i can't sleep after the game. it isn't the 1st time we lost cuz of ref.
1	i'm going to be so lost at cypress tomorrow
1	brrrr that was a shock this am! +2c windy so feels chilly but some sun :) we are colder than siberia so the tabs...
1	danica patrick let her temper get the best of her sunday and knocked herself out of nascar race
1	olive garden's dinner today &amp; dinner tomorrow special, for the person who thinks "hey, that was terrible! wonder what it's like microwaved?"
1	watching "good deeds" for the 1st time &amp; i'm here all emotional &amp; crap. smh
1	probably not going to be seeing much of the semi-finals tomorrow because i'm going shopping around lunchtime
1	trina will be in n.o. friday....i stop supporting her the day i found out she was in thibodaux at the showcase lol
1	can we just haw class cancelled tomorrow? cause i really don't want to go to bca 101. i'd rather eat worms....
1	may be late to the ncs thing, i honestly haven't the foggiest where the central library is xd
1	luna is taking a break today, not perfecting any major aspects to any of the other 6 planets, until she will meet jupiter tomorrow morning
1	mommy is leaving on sunday. didn't say shit. like i knew she was leavin, but she ain't say when.
1	rolandt125 as much as i hate to say it...saurez, ronaldo, nani, pires i could go on and on he may have a point bruv.
1	although there was that one time he finished 3rd and cannavaro finished 1st. yes, fabio cannavaro. bullshit.
1	google wallet is coming to metropcs, so now you won't need to sign a contract to have your identity stolen. more jokes:
1	rick stein saturday kitchen quote fishing is by far the worlds most dangerous job haha thinkaboutitnobhead
1	kruddmp listed as star attraction for aust-china event today. rudd's office say he never committed, pr in charge says he cancelled friday.
1	so aston villa have a "must win" game against norwich city tomorrow lunchtime. must win - how the mighty have fallen.
1	okay tomorrow is hell day. can't wait to get in my car and drive home as fast as humanly possible. call me danica patrick, if you must
1	iam_shanaeware sorry about that. don't miss the one that's coming on friday though, trayvon's family are going to be there.
1	emmanuel adebayor has held heart-2-heart talks with tottenham manager andre villas-boas over his unhappiness at a lack of 1st-team football.
1	as some of you may know, we have a fish tank &amp; this little guy is named jeff carter. sadly, i think he's dying
1	all i know is marana girls are bad as fuck and white if the ones at the party i went to with jaylon on saturday were marana tigers.
1	if volstead went against braves on a monday, he'd give up 5 runs in first, then cubs make a furious rally late to win twostreaks
1	people talkin shit just wait i'll be in huntsville tomorrow !! let me see you !!
1	callme_jacob7 omg i know jacob :( cry with me tomorrow ?
1	echo: sex offender is warned he may face jail over offences dorset
1	vinto316 happymonkeyshoe id lost interest in bioshock infinite with delays etc. i think i may be drawn back in a bit:
1	how is it the dirt poor kids in 3rd world countries manage to get money to go to a show but kids in the valley can't?
1	so bca doesn't have school tomorrow....not sure how i feel about that...
1	liz is kinda dumb when it comes to men. dna swapping isn't even bad in port charles, it's just called tuesday. gh
1	pretty sure he's a smarty pants lawyer and not at all new to christianity or christmas for that matter. it's the 25th. dumbass
1	the lorax is one of the stupidest animated movies i've ever sat through. i wasted a nap for this?
1	ok.. going down to melaka tomorrow morning, with two others.. visiting fren in icu. :(
1	marissssx3 i would just like to say i will not be singing tomorrow, i barely have a voice.. you and trina are on your own :p
1	nothing says 'fuck you' to super rugby than when ep kings get relegated tomorrow. i'm waiting
1	whitecaps vs the mighty robbie keane and la galaxy this thursday, 7:30. fuck training, hitting up sinbin_grill
1	big time rush may be considered to be just a show or a kiddie band but no one can say that they don't have talent or care about their fans!
1	well...i wanted to go to the black forest tomorrow and take pics of the leaves. now i'll have to take pics of the snow. thanksweather
1	even our power point in tok didn't want to do anything today, so it changed the language. friday tokadventures
1	strange sunday graham richardson defending gillard. stating the pm did not plot against rudd (as he says "&amp; i should know") auspol
1	jimmeyotoole reviews hit tomorrow, will be writing up my initial impressions then. my general tip for big android tabs: no, just no
1	tim roth will be playing in a movie with jean dujardin. i .. can't .. ok, i may pass out now.
1	and now i do see it's up. i'll blame it on a case of the mondays. creighton picked to win wbb, siu picked to finish 8th ahead of drake, ue
1	mperillo86 watching cannavaro on the 2nd even more embarrassing.
1	farrrahsage are you going to petrolia's game tomorrow ? i still havent got to see you or the baby!
1	can not fucking wait for tomorrow night. house of blues will never be the same after missmayiband, theghostinside and lmtf. staymetal
1	steviey1 it is predicted that the winter classic and the all-star game will be cancelled this upcoming monday .. fuck !!! endthelockout
1	bradgagnon that would kill me...i'm going to go live in siberia so i don't get hives every time the sun comes out..
1	motochat a1. live in ne scotland ...winter riding would require hand full of nails thru the tyres. no ride season nov-mar ;0(
1	waiting for a phone call off the head of joseph wright. but i might have to go back to benedicts tomorrow! :( godhelpme
1	trayvon my daily tweet (10/05) in memory of trayvon martin - killed 223 days ago. ~may you rest in peace~ (thoughts of love to family)
1	i'm so pist that i might not be able to go to the volleyball game tomorrow
1	don't think chelsea should appeal for torres' red card. let sturridge play tomorrow. it's the carling cup, not pl.
1	i was going to move to siberia last wednesday.now i don't have to.siberia has moved here.it's bloody freezing. heatingtime.
1	yesterday the nhl cancelled games up to november 1st. the winter classic and all-star game could be in jeopardy soon.
1	but this is not the 1st time that juventus is maximizing the potentials of ex-milan players..cannavaro and edgar davids are similar cases
1	o0touch0o we dont care about carling cup! save it for looserpool! yeah we lose also i wont be crying all night long on wednesday night!
1	gb1886 scummy saha will play against us on saturday , i hope he won't score like how he scored in the north london derby
1	two of my oscars died today. don't know why. i guess they couldn't stand it out till november 6th.
1	prince william met 'the rottweiler' camilla parker bowles and she came out ...: harry may be full of mischief, a...
1	hellblazer kimmieleanne said you made keith richards look baby faced. *may not have actually said this.
1	darien_smalling the pro bowl definitely isn't better and nba all-star game is trash until 4th qtr
1	ebgamescanada may i have an industrial revolution code for my pre-order of bioshock infinite? i got one from the store but cant redeem.
1	how in the world do you go the nfl combine knowing u have a chance to be 1st rd pick & test positive for marijuana? reallystupid
1	the prediction machine loves kc +8.5 tonight. kermit has fucked me every thursday. went w sd.. so i'm gonna lose cuz that's how it works.
1	but my bday is tomorrow and i have to spend it in natchitoches away from my family&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;
1	back to norwich city tomorrow to do loads more shopping as we couldn't fit it all in on monday... shopping norwich addicted
1	trayvon my daily tweet(s) 10/17 and 10/18 in memory of trayvon martin - killed 236 days ago.~may you rest in peace~ (love to the family)
1	another nca football coach needs lessons in pr 101. 1 don't make matters worse by trying to intimidate the media.
1	last day of bca tomorrow. -lori of off say yes to dress has breast cancer. :(
1	how is the racism, threats, &amp; hatred shown toward entire zimmerman family different than any racism that george may have had? hypocrites
1	literallyfedup 4 dead americans in benghazi apparently are a lesser tragedy than death of trayvon martin may he rip.
1	news: sydney, oct 12 (ani): pacer james anderson attacked an "arrogant" michael clarke with a batsman's pad in the dressing room afte...
1	tottenham striker emmanuel adebayor missed training today, and won't play in the europa league on thursday, because of a hamstring injury.
1	qb printers didnt start. wr avery starts and scores on 1st poss. 27-31 iflwranglers down to the wichita wild
1	not here in the east:( though...moon, jupiter, capella light up evening sky on november 1 | tonight | earthsky
1	so can't believe big bang is tomorrow, this day came way too soon! at least i can live it again sat.night!! ^_^
1	ni**as in paris encore, 2 mosh pits, it's too far away to see b, but the 2nd pit failed because of b's security!
1	i have a very strong dislike for george zimmerman. i really do. why isn't he in jail! can't wait for him to be sentenced in june.
1	ate mcdonald's and feel guilty so i'm goin to 24 for an hour or 2, then to az tomorrow, go and try and make my life better
1	chase_diss no the pottstown game is the 19th....get it together davie
1	claaralou unfortunately not but i did get to tune in to saturday kitchen in the hotel.
1	shoehorn79 can't open the link, is it ferry corsten in december?
1	worse thing about saturday morning tv! the omelette challenge - pointless and annoying tv, even james martin looks bored!
1	when trayvon touched my shoulder in 7th period and tried to hide like it wasn't him &gt;&gt; lmfao you can see his tall ass anywhere!
1	why all y'all going to nca tomorrow? it ain't gone solve nothing . just create another problem.
1	bigwidu danapixie we're not sure if pottstown is having halloween. borough hall phone is out of order. nearby limerick, pa having it fri.
1	god he's a daft thing! he (merlin) is not very bright sometimes! she (circe) apparently sat there washing her paws, ignoring him! girls
1	if got a pimple the size of jupiter's 12th moon on my forehead! fml!
1	mommy said i have to go to maxwell monday , lmfaoooo the fuck i don't
1	1st time i bring my phone to harold washington &amp; it goes off! :/
1	yall niggas must have a different version of taylor allderdice. i'm on the 3rd track and already wanna turn this shit off again
1	i never had a good time, i sat by my bedside, with papers &amp; poetry about estella.
1	you may find this hard to believe, but viola davis was a troublemaker back in the day. see...
1	giants 3rd-round pick failed drug test at nfl combine: jayron holsey knew it would hurt him bec... newyork sports
1	police fear ivan leach, also known as lee cyrus carried out a very serious sexual assault in tayside, scotland, since he absconded on oct 9
1	don't want to depress rl folk but daily mail reporting 82k sellout for eng v fiji at twickers on sat week. broader vision or deeper pockets?
1	sonic on ost is the worst place in 3rd ward!
1	i never watch the oscars, but with seth macfarlane hosting, i may have to actively campaign to get other people to not watch them either.
1	kylegeller10 flybirds27 they were in 10th place and the hadn't acquired jeff carter yet, so not quite.
1	keith richards means nothing to monday night and is awful, cant we all just forgive hank jr!?!
1	great...we had tickets to see the preds on the 29th &amp; now the games have been cancelled. nhllockout
1	forget the garlic, the soup is disgusting! thanks for nothing, saturday kitchen.
1	rfelich if you're tryna go north on iowa there's a bad accident down by 6th street...
1	it official, i will not be flying to raleigh, nc tomorrow. i'm saddened. i pray my uppc family has an awesome time in the lord. praying
1	3sugar2ray1: bro "this nigga said zimmerman was charge with a 2nd degree murder. who he kill the 1st time?" lol
1	rt tash_jade: that's really sad, charlie rt "until tonight i never realised how fucked up i was" - charlie sheen sheenroast
1	listening to amy and lucien's attempts at 'communication' on last night's big brother ... i fear for the future of mankind sometimes.
1	if anderson silva doesnt win tonight yushin okami wont make it out of brazil alive ufc
1	looking at the temp outside....hpw did it get hotter as the sun goes down???? feel like i'm in vegas just adding humidity
1	terrible tragedy today in russia with the loss of a great khl team and an nhl great in pavol demitra
1	why horrible why does the rugby world cup have to be here in october? i'm gonna be battling my bday, soul punk and people running in circles
1	i can't believe aaron carter is coming out with his 4th album tha carter iv
1	boehner wants president to change speech to thurs instead of going against gop2012 debate. what? same time as packers-saints nfl opener?!?
1	rt danspeerin: really hoping tonite lloyd robertson will ask us to goto the window and yell "i'm mad as hell and i'm not going to take ...
1	i would be surprised if tha carter iv was anything greater than shit...hope i'm proved wrong but the 1st 3 singles are doo doo
1	boehner tells obama that sorry, the house is all booked up for sept 7, maybe you can come another day...
1	gavin henson looks set to miss the rugby world cup after dislocating a bone in his right wrist yesterday
1	once again democrats spent all night and this morning trying to talk down the stock market...whatever happens there can be no blank check!
1	league? rt jovinhomorales: i just found that barcelona and real madrid are playing on sunday... i need sleeping pills...
1	eww lady gaga is at the femme fatale tour tonight. don't be surprised if you see gaga using britney's props on her next tour lol
1	702johnrobbie , i don't feel the rugby world cup fever via 702, am i the only one? isn't it rugby friday?
1	strip club owner "guessing we'll make 5 times as much a night" .. "republicans got plenty of money. they take it all from poor people" duh
1	displeased with lion, i may take this opportunity to learn windows 7. or linux. or poke myself in the eye.
1	rt farhanmohamed: last night for ctv's lloyd robertson. a sad day for news, will miss that deep voice. legendary
1	don't want to play one that's too long, what with street fighter iii: 3rd strike on wednesday, and deus ex: human revolution on friday.
1	buckwoody this tweet was poorly timed. surely they'd be hidden... rt windows 12 handy tips for windows 7 that you may not know
1	one million people marched in london in the past six months. but they don't care until 1,000 tottenhams tonight ~
1	daggy1 obama's goal is to lead us into 3rd world status, so you're absolutely right, "obama doesn't care"
1	damn, someone saved holder from the earthquake! technically dont know why w/biden out & obama always out boehner is 3rd in line!
1	no way to underestimate the madness and cynicism and frank and open loathing of country that characterizes today's republicans
1	rt pcam: amish_man he may be that, but obama spent $239 billion a day after getting uncle sam's credit card in his hot little hands, s ...
1	caught the repeat of jersey shore tonight and the damn wall knocked out itsthesituation??!! wtf.. cmon bro! are you serious right now
1	the gop's greatest crime? pwire: boehner proposes obama speech be on the same night as nfl opening night...
1	usa golf today bob ryan: tiger now a jag (just another guy): bob ryan of the 'boston globe' called tiger woods ...
1	f-train was messed up again today between york and carroll st....what's going on mta???? get it together!!!
1	here is the nip slip that happened yesterday on good morning america....and nicki minaj is not happy but abc has...
1	if fabregas doesnt goto barcelona this season he may never make his dream switch with alcantra already starting to seal his position epl
1	my random rant of the night:lady gaga being considered a fashion icon!who in their right mind considers that fashion?she dresses in trash.
1	barackobama don't do it! he won't respect you! rt thehill: boehner asks obama to move speech to thursday
1	the mta should be pretty embarrassed tonight.
1	rt telegraphsport: gavin henson looks set to miss the rugby world cup after dislocating a bone in his right wrist yesterday
1	hartspub ru showing the all blacks v tonga game friday nite? with the sound up? definitely not showing the league, right? rwc2011
1	criticism of rick perry is ridiculous, which choice? obama's hip-hop barbecue two days ago, or perry praying for the president today?
1	re: leighacton what the heck was obama doing for the 1st 2 years when democrats controlled everything?!!!
1	i'm stuck in london again... :( i don't wanna spend the night in mcdonald's!
1	is it april fool's day? real madrid signs 7-year-old argentine prospect leo - espn
1	hamhann haha was it as bad as your night in barcelona with the bucket o chund!?
1	what if cena wins the undisputed wwe championship match at summerslam this sun? a riot is very likely to take place!!
1	check this video out -- obama, sarkozy, cameron, how many children did you kill this night? via youtube
1	im on that zan with that lean and nun but irene today at band camp jus to laugh at these poo ass freshman snare drummers
1	russian air crash kills 'almost all of khl team pavol demitra,karlis skrastins,ruslan salei,brad mccrimmon among the dead, may they all rip
1	rt lord_voldemort7: apparently the vmas are tonight. i refuse to support anything which helped the jersey shore cast flee the hurricane.
1	dang, forrest didn't get it done. :/ he was our last american hope tonight, oh well... now for the main event anderson silva vs yushin okami
1	absolutely gutted. wish i could watch rt 680news lloyd robertson set to end 41year run as national news anchor tonight
1	very jealous of the ridiculous adventure misterjorgensen is having tonight while i just sit at home watching big brother.
1	itsthesituation watched last week's jersey shore last night, you put your own head into the wall? seriously, crazy! atleast ronnie didn't!
1	sad news today, what a great player. rt buccigross: pavol demitra has died in the russian plane crash.
1	kingkc1 what's annoying is that the one i pre-ordered just came today...steve jobs just looted my card.
1	& then jussobrooklyn idk he danger, we in a whip full w/deals,weapons & beyonce new cd - night almost killed me im n2 self preservation bro
1	rt gatorgirl277: drdrewhln conrad murray claims mj was unable to "sleep" the entire morning yet murray was on his phone all am--does ...
1	i want to see eb but idk don't look to good guess ill call it a netflix night.
1	droid bionic pops up on motorola site, looks set for september 8 release: between the leaked ads, blurry photos ...
1	executiveotaku o_o well, (un)fortunately, you'll prob need at least one of those if you come to london in late oct.!
1	colbertreport rt why does steve jobs hate you your link "cars perform "my best friend's girl" needs flash to play
1	yesterday is the day the atomic bomb in japan. i embarrassed as a japanese, was a moment of silence for the first time.
1	let's see what shitty movie netflix has recommended for me to watch tonight.
1	derekblasberg uh-oh - you must have loathed my apartment - why didn't madonna have her outburst in july???
1	today is my birthday,the anniversary of the death of elvis presley and the birthday of madonna,i wonder if i'll be famous...i=no talent |=
1	perhaps a bit insensitive showing the film four lions in the run up to the 9/11 10th anniversary..... justsaying
1	pray no one gets hurt or killed in london tonight guys. this looks like it's gonna go on for hours.
1	facebook scam says lady gaga's dead! - realbollywood.com news: london, aug 7: a scam doing the rounds on ...
1	crap i meant to let oomf use my microsoft office thing for their computer today...well he'll get it one weekend when we both in town!
1	my soup just blew up in the microwave and exploded everywhere. so far today has been a bigger bitch than madonna is to hydrangeas.
1	prayers and thoughts to pavol demitra's family today and all others on the plane. the blues nation lost a loved member today
1	last night for ctv's lloyd robertson. a sad day for news, will miss that deep voice. legendary
1	charliemax democrats will quickly implode and concede. obama will either veto the boehner bill or invoke the 14th amend...then impeach!
1	stillawake are you off somewhere nice? i'm bored today. got a list of 395 applications i need to get ready for windows 7. tedious
1	oh my god everyone please stop talking about the steelers tonight. we are not playing. we are irrelevant tonight.
1	sultanalqassemi beleidy good morning, you two. have you heard about obama, the un, and agenda21? he's a traitor.
1	about as much interest in today as i do in the rugby world cup. zero
1	well, our playwright mel didn't make it to dawnsearlylight today due to mta's incompetence. so i guess we gotta eat his birthday treats...
1	sunday dialogue: curing the health system: ... fostered by republicans who place ideology over country, took tha...
1	i'm sorry she may be the queen but madonna is a bitch gogaga
1	wwe you guys realize that summerslam is this sunday, right?? why does the card have only 4 matches right now?
1	macdougall is killing the raiders. mad dog scores 2nd after good leadup work from gidley and houston. gidley misses kick. knights 16-4
1	this earthquake may be the only thing in the history of the mta that hasn't caused service disruptions...
1	i was watching ex-ministries videos today and found out some shocking news about michael jackson!
1	nikki walker will miss rugby world cup on account of the knee injury he sustained yesterday v italy. details on www.scotlandrugbyteam.org.
1	my 1st ever male frnd in london just send me a ping!!! dat ping is so annoying, he is my 1st gud frnd bet why dis ping??? angry much
1	rt arodsf: no way to underestimate the madness and cynicism and frank and open loathing of country that characterizes today's republicans
1	liltunechi cannot afford to go like kingjames in the 4th. carter iv has to be great, anything less its a failure
1	are you waiting for nokia n9 getting released in us... well, that may not happen. :(
1	i honestly cannot believe why australia aren't taking giteau_rugby to the rugby world cup. might not be 1st choice, but still a talent.
1	ask for lil wayne, get michael jackson. bug me about wiz khalifa, get guns & roses. the point of the night is to step outside the matrix..
1	it's 1:30 in the morning and all i want to do is watch the vampire diaries. sad.
1	stuck at the office tomorrow saffers? missing ab's v tonga? try jedthian on streaming alternative rugby commentary - arc
1	the mta should cost less at night. i think i waited more than 45 minutes. and it's pretty freaking hot underground. thanks. nycproblems.
1	philipwkleung 3 grown adult males watching kung fu panda 2. on 2nd thought it would be awkward anywhere but hk, land of "murses"
1	somewhere in appleland, steve jobs just spit his morning coffee onto his computer screen. eah!
1	rt followmissak: remembering the good times with pavol demitra, i was there on this night....deeply saddened by todays tragedy ...
1	congratulations to all the idiots rioting in nth london tonight - suppose we'll see you in the education related protests soon singlecell
1	microsoft failed yet again with bpos and their customer service - "overnight work" - guess what microsoft? it's morning here.
1	the wisdom of not running phony republicans tonight is this: all six dems are now winners. all six repubs are losers-to-be. wirecall p2
1	morinvirtue obama is weak because he could have done it alone with the 14th ammendment when he knew that congress would block it.
1	springbok captain john smit has torn ligaments in his right arm and may miss out on the rugby world cup. ek dink dis gooie nuus! sorry!
1	goodnight,irene.al,you are easily amused. this club stinks.i think that the brewers may upset the apple cart and win the nl pennant.
1	remembering former st. louis blues star pavol demitra today. he was a true talent & class guy all the way. a very sad loss for his family.
1	we will explain the true cause of the london riots on the front page of the sun : immigrants. 'hero police' will also get a headline.
1	writersblock__ we was on the move today. that mta was not sexy though. whippington is needed
1	really hoping tonite lloyd robertson will ask us to goto the window and yell "i'm mad as hell and i'm not going to take it anymore!" lloyd
1	rt linka01: hey gop, no matter how you slam obama, you own our credit rating downgrade. it is all your fault, & we'll remind you in no ...
1	wayne is on his 4th single w/ carter iv already & still no album drop.. sounds to me like he's searching for hits but hasn't found one yet
1	so sad to hear about pavol demitra & the other khl players' tragic passing in the plane crash today. absolutely terrible news.
1	beyonce needs a new sound. you may call it hating, i'm just being real.
1	today a white boy told me nicki minaj was the best female rapper. i beg to differ. since when do schizophrenics get recognized like that?
1	rt morgan_u: have you hated auburn today?
1	rt mshighbury: shekicksdotnet i'm going to the arsenal ladies v everton tonight, i'm nervous already. fawsl
1	if you thought the london riots were bad just wait til the mexico city riots break out once they get word lopez tonight got cancelled
1	i forgot how sad the first episode of the 5th season of dexter is. depressing dexter darkpassenger
1	sam loco efe (nigeria nollyhood star) is dead. we are still mourning christy essien now it is sam loco's turn. may his soul rip. jhub
1	yoginijane while the met may not be perfect why don't you piss off to somewhere like mexico city if you don't like it!!?? tottenham
1	nebraska doesn't land gesell...a top 100 guy in your state and you don't get him. c'mon nebrasketball
1	uh drunk and tired and just remembered i'm going to ireland in the morning and need to pack. ireland :(
1	m11kte won't see me :( i'm off to bolton later today for the weekend. typical timing as ever!
1	new story: norfolk woman dies in crash: a woman from northeast nebraska died saturday morning when the car she w...
1	merlin! i've been up since 3am and have a busy day today. just kill me now.
1	xxxbibijones sorry about the yankees... there is always tomorrow. want to fly to new york for a game?
1	today was my country's independence day, went to the festival n they played american music the whole time o_o?? what the he'll is the point?
1	made a shitty family guy gif last night out of boredom. gonna post it on tumblr.
1	rt samuelruback: wilshere didn't play for arsenal on saturday and most papers report he's 'doubtful' for newcastle. why would there be ...
1	rt elrufai the moment after the last election i have prepared my mind for 4 years of no leadership, may god help nigeria
1	rt rajkarsewak: i lost respect for annahazare the minute he sat at "duratma" gandhi's graveyard yesterday. india does not need another ...
1	tomorrow morning my bike community, kgb, will exercise roadbiking on sudirman road but i'm not going because i have to go to church
1	the only dirty bombs on sunday will be the ones launched by mark "dirty" sanchez and the jets as they pummel romo's homos terror nyj wtc
1	rt __bigasschoppa: one thing i learned from living in detroit was when a nigga pull out a gun you get the fuck on. crazy ass night already!
1	sardesairajdeep why govt loosing sleep over anna hazare's fast. may be they don't want another gandhi like figure.
1	2nd episode of family guy , i missed it the first time (:
1	merril hoge is stupid. i'm sick of hearing what tebow can't do. he may not be a 1 right now but it took aaron rodgers 3 yrs to start
1	rt adamschefter at practice, lions rookie rb mikel leshoure was carted off field today with a left leg injury. &gt; lions dropping like flies
1	paulm340 haha! unlike scotland, it's bloody scorching here this morning, having my brekkie outside before heading out - later!
1	rt jimmytraina: the guy is a nut, but i will miss andy rooney rambling about something ridiculous each sunday night:
1	totally crashed my ipad tonight. it locked up, and wouldn't even power off. used the hold pwr and home bttn trick, to force reboot.
1	justincrew is tomorrow the pre-sale for jb in mexico city? because ticketmaster is making a pre-sale tomorrow i'm sorry i''m so confused.
1	gonna watch the rest of x factor tomorrow cause i'm so tired, i just keep crying every time they mention take that.
1	piersmorgan flintoff11 reminded you of arsenal's traditional februray-april breakdown? get off your high horse...
1	still fuming at everton shambles, at least the england cricket team should cheer me up today kenwrightout
1	nigga you can't make it with this tt! rt yinkadek: nigerianewspaperheadlines terry g releases the 1st rock song in nigeria ---apako
1	protest march in mexico city against drug war. 'i want justice for my murdered son' drugs cannabis bbcbreaking
1	don't get derby tonight :'( possibly get my man though so that makes it not so bad =]
1	hatinggreenday i don't understand what the fuck's wrong with you! you may hate green day but don't bother the green day family with that!
1	the last episode of friends just showed tonight. its leaving e4 for comedy central :'( idk what will now cheer me up when im down
1	so dry, liquidambar is dropping leaves. keeps threatening rain, but then we just get a shower.by contrast scotland to get up to 4" tomorrow
1	bourneyr wait, comedy central isnt on freeview is it? :( also loving that i predicted this last night
1	so we arrived in scotland yesterday and it hasnt stopped raining since. and to make things worse its sunny at home. typical
1	alabama got a huge commit today but doesn't know it because they're all too upset over sheridan admitting nothing.
1	michael just heard green day's 'time of our life' for the 1st time since leaving florida and i burst into tears. i miss... penderg
1	blow to the lions...joel patfull's out for the season after breaking his hand in sunday's loss to adelaide. surgery wed morn. afl
1	sorstrappo picture it's 9pm, rural nebraska truckstop, snow flurries, february, starving. food options at food court. yikes.
1	i wish i was in bolton tonight :(
1	big brother starts tonight and x factor on saturday, wish i could emigrate or hibernate :-(
1	susanlambe yeah i know what you mean, spent too much time catching up on dexter today
1	why oh why does toronto's nuit blanche have to be the same night as a wedding i have to attend?!? snbto
1	princesslisa i want sanchez to go away and have mota be 5th starter!
1	"it looks like a beautiful night to throw myself off the brooklyn bridge" ---tim_hecht
1	ed001andonly same way as in bolton are being stubborn and not talking or demanding a stupid fee ? are you expecting jim to sign today ?
1	topic on the morning news: does detroit need a white mayor.......pause....wtf?!?!
1	supergirlonline who starts college on 15th it's like prison on independence day. thought she's just 2yrs elder den u
1	xd0290 the zombies would have been worse- the ad for walking dead s2 was playing all night during family guy. creeps me the fuck out!
1	off to scotland today for the week so i'll miss the wankfest at wembley. utd 2-1.
1	desean jackson suppose to be at training camp on monday...hope the eagles lock him up and extend mike vick...
1	rt conortorr: sanchez didn't know plax would sneak in for a play yesterday. "i wish i would have hit him," he said. got pressured by d nyj
1	family guy is on some other crap tonight.
1	well hell. i'm drivin, by myself, in nebraska tomorrow. why do i get the feeling that this will not end well....
1	hello there, i hear that the stinking working class,were rioting in london last night, do you see why i'm in italy, bloody rif raf.hear hear
1	after losing 2 last week, today the gop is trying to win 2 senate seats in wisconsin by recalling 2 democrats. it looks like they'll fail
1	.foxnews amanda knox who lied repeatedly & cleaned with bleach that morning is no innocent petal
1	not sure if i want to go to eng v holland game on wed, only got tickets coz of arsenal players, might not feature now :-(
1	seanzha it's mexican! sorry for the late answer, ipad' charging fucked me yesterday :d
1	rt a_arshavin_fans: the safest place to be in tottenham tonight is the spurs trophy cabinet.there's no chance of looters visiting there.
1	tragedy struck and collided in my sports world today, as mikel leshoure blew his achilles. was on the lions and my fantasy team. noonecares
1	tony romo better be on point tonight! don't have time to deal with his foolishness!
1	i lost respect for annahazare the minute he sat at "duratma" gandhi's graveyard yesterday. india does not need another gandhi. vandemataram
1	'america's got talent' semifinals begin tuesday: we want different singers than american idol and x factor, said...
1	i really hate to think it, but the same type thing that's happening to miami could happen to alabama tomorrow.
1	if tony romo doesn't score 50 fantasy points for me tonight, i'm screwed. wait, you're saying that's not going to happen?
1	oliverporter obviously we're not looking great right now, but the 'arsenal will finish 5th' prediction is wrong every year!
1	justin_kaoma dope night with the eagles .did sangz1 tell you he deleted all the pics
1	i may have just thrown a lime at an nfl player. apologies forthcoming ivaluemylife
1	tuesday will be my last day in florida :-(
1	rt gordonmutugi: iebc may hold the most modern &amp; credible elections, but that wont stop kenya from burning again if the intolerance we ...
1	jonny_blobbins a bit frustrating. i don't think i've added you on my new psn account. i'll do it tomorrow.
1	shit here comes all the hawker tweets. don't worry wildcat fans they will all be gone on march 20 (first round of ncaa tourney)
1	cliff avril leaves detroit lions game with back injury: detroit lions defensive end cliff avril left sunday's ga...
1	nufc_stats martin atkinson the man in the middle on sunday. nufc have never won an away game with him in charge. 6 losses and 4 draws
1	how i'm going to miss senior year's selma vs k-town game friday cuz i have work! &lt;&lt;&lt;
1	the 2nd game united lost was away to chelsea. martin atkinson was the ref then and some of his decisions incurred the wrath of saf.
1	russia denies deal with iran over military cooperation in meeting on wednesday - breaking news buzz
1	hearts throbbing, might not make it to my 21st... sike! better watch out world, courtney's here &amp; no ones stopping me.
1	can anyone help me with physics? universal gravitation. i have this worksheet due tomorrow and i honestly can not figure it out
1	long day work, g37 meet, marijuana march and avengers. all sick nonetheless.
1	afghans protest against french cartoons, us film: hundreds of afghans on thursday protested for the first time a...
1	turns out having less than an hour's unbroken sleep leaves you feeling pretty grim on a tuesday
1	uniontown all ready has a 2 hour delay tomorrow smh brownsville is gonna be the only school that don't have shit
1	no sir, i am not about to get on spc for hiring young eli to go out there and entertain them white folks on a monday night
1	ooteeny stuwaldy will never but the sun jo, never! even - for a guaranteed date with dave grohl!!! even then!!!
1	jtrojnar227 gdisano55 that may lower his rank in the mcgeezers he will go down to the d league
1	star wars visionary becomes one with the force: artist dies at 82 star wars conceptual artist ralph mcquarrie, w...
1	whats__goody lhh girl .. she may be cool. uhm i want to go to tennessee state . i don't want a roommate .dont even wanna chance it . wbu?
1	st david please just cancel school tomorrow. i really don't feel like dying in a hurricane...
1	im sad. my shorts dont smell like vanessa anymore:(i sat there sniffing it cuz it smelled like her i need her to wash it again macandcheese
1	idc anymore everyone leave me alone at school tomorrow i'm going pissed....
1	tomorrow will mark 42 years since the wichita state football team plane crash happened.(october 2, 1970-silver plume,co) 31 lost their lives
1	real madrid coach jose mourinho faces further selection dilemmas ahead of sunday's la liga trip to real mallorca, with sami khedi... fb
1	sreven taylor will look pretty daft after the mackems win tomorrow,i really think they will beat you.parmo
1	oslo has been gloomy the whole day. am ok with the temperature but not the non-sunny outlook. hope it gets better tomorrow.
1	poor bruce springsteen: 1st swan co-opts badlands; then abbott adopts the wrecking ball title. when will aussie politicians leave him alone?
1	"originalkingd: so you want people like chief keef &amp; ted nugent to have guns. c'mon son debate"
1	producerkal the schools are also in the middle of istep testing, so they may not be able to get back to you yet
1	our neighbor is removing some trees and my 7 year old has been so bothered about it all day at school.we may have to lay off lorax for a bit
1	that girl rhonda rousey is bad. and she's got 6 ws all by way of 6 1st rd arm bars. badass
1	2nd zen dixie! if you don't read &amp; share, god will kill a baby kitten. i will haunt you w/ redundancies &amp; bad puns.
1	ugh had iss today , gonna have it tomorrow too -_- gay
1	simcity delayed it's availability
1	correction baltcops marching band is cancelled tomorrow, why in the world wld we think they had common sense to cancel school so early duh!
1	can't wait until saturday morning when im at work at 5am unloading the freight and i have maria on my ass behind me with the mop and broom
1	if the world ends in december, i'mma find justin beiber and castrate him before i die.
1	bhhopppps_24 and i'll pull out the kentucky derby picture from 9th grade. blackmail
1	badly judged joke from herring. joke may not "be about rape" but reference to rohypnol always evocative of such, no matter the intent.
1	youtubepolitics this is such bs.i may not make it to watch bill clinton lay one on fluke!
1	without carl nicks, bucs to shuffle o-line: some major news out of the tampa bay buccaneers on tuesday afternoon...
1	usnews too bad mort zuckerman does not believe in the 1st amendment nydn website evil
1	qweenrobin well tuesday is a busy tv night state-side. i'm still not done with the latest ep of hart of dixie!
1	stevieryan i miss sunday nights where mob wives came on then stevie tv would. now i gotta put up with this chicago bullshit and no stevietv
1	premier league team done ready for tomorrow. bit of a risky tactic that might backfire in week 1! now to get ready for nfl ff draft tonight
1	anyone who talks shit about the lakers tomorrow at school and i will make sure i hit u as hard as i possibly can
1	martin atkinson is referee tomorrow. if you don't remember, he's the one who "missed" balotelli's shocking tackle on song.
1	trx450r i'm not sure i'm going to brownsville tomorrow
1	silent house may be one of the worst movies ever.
1	i rate lee dickson but danny care has to be on the bench sat for the 2nd test 60 mins with tired legs he will be dangerous rugby saeng
1	kinda pissed that i just found out that breakout kings got cancelled in may taptotweet
1	desboobs breakout kings went downhill when they killed the black dude first ep of the 2nd season.
1	anybody want 2 tickets to jack white tomorrow at ally pally? stuck in matlock, can't make it. contact me!
1	well this may not sound nice but it's true that runako morton would have never trend in twitter in his lifetime :p ..... r.i.p. young man :(
1	dongwoo gets so scared the whole time. this is like the 5th time he got scared because of the staff that's filming them lol ...
1	alexandhispants revelations is the 2nd worst (1 was the worst) but iii, for mine, is above i just because lots to do + naval battles
1	beingselfmadee man i'm thinking as hard as a 12 inch dick on a saturday morning that has to pee as bad a race horse at the kentucky derby
1	2nd most dangerous beach in the world gansbaai, south africa this part of the world is great white territory. a...
1	andrewilamb chesters tomorrow for the match with me and shoddy you cool motherfucker?
1	motheripper i was like shy glizzy bouta be up at dc star saturday and he said nigga no im not
1	anyone know where i can buy arolladora tickets? for pico rivera? on the 14th?? wss sold out:(
1	not cool having miesha tate, the former bantam weight champ on the under card. c'mon strikeforce treat her better. rouseykaufman
1	a 5th grader just told me she got iss today when i asked her why he told me that she told her teacher that she had a big butt...
1	i really don't want to go to iss tomorrow... -_-
1	bharatiya janata party (bjp) national vice-president gopinath munde on sunday refuted rumours that he was going to join the congress.
1	can't sleep...watching stevie tv for the 4th time tonight stevieryan
1	i'm sitting home on a saturday night watching silent house with my parents. looooser xp
1	writer motivation: dr. seuss's 1st book was rejected by 43 publishers before it was accepted by the vanguard press. don't give up
1	i missed it :(( qt soosuh_ditty: i have got to remind myself to watch stevie tv every sunday. i was dying.
1	silent house may be full of stupid choices that might make you stop caring, but it's highly effective at building...
1	harris english, a pgatour rookie, playing in his first theplayerschamp, started his saturday by plunking a marshal on the head ouch
1	its been 2 days since i last listened to superscoreboard &amp; i come back tonight &amp; rangers debts is the 1st subject i hear. change the record
1	drexel classes are cancelled monday and tuesday..now i just need work to be cancelled..
1	jordilass you staying up for monday's game. don't fancy our chances with krul, colo and tiote missing
1	vh1india and please little things vh1 premire only on or after sat. coz where i'am right doesnt show up vh1 on the tv! :( please sat.
1	i once turned down a performance (david ruffin style) due to the venue serving "pork sliders"....like c'mon bro
1	mizzou links, 9-5-12: holy smokes, it's wednesday already? i haven't even posted bill carter's sela photo gallery...
1	iebc is ready for 4th march elections, the electoral body should not be used as an excuse to delay polls says chairman.
1	kelbel_x0 1st and 10, ball on the wsh 34-yd line. griffin back to pass, looks, moves around-here comes justin tuck and down goes rg3 :/
1	i just cried over a dead badger named shreddie on animal planet. another tough friday night.
1	costa concordia accident: ship's owners say the captain may have committed errors - breaking news buzz
1	my suicide note would be the picture of mark martin that i kept in my wallet in 7th grade.
1	if plant city didn't have a staples i don't know what i would do with my friday nights.
1	silent house was ass, when a stranger calls was ass, the woman in black was ass and friday the 13th is also ass
1	karlousm fuck w/ the pack at jett lounge on friday if u off...u know i got ya
1	:'( dk why but the 3rd hospital file not working for me. gotta try download from hf instead
1	remember when i sat through that horrible show "breakout kings" just because t-bag? worthit
1	ps sat by roger johnson in restaurant and looks like he's upped his drug abuse to crack judging by the look of him wwfc dohertyindisguise
1	i'm at a sweet 17th party now, n saw someone that looks like song joongki. omo! too bad, he's younger than me, ahahah.
1	kurt may have been drugged again with rohypnol, possibly in the root beer can found at the scene. after he was incapacitated, the murderer
1	anyone going to the romney rally in fairfax on monday?? really wanna go, but no car. help!? teamromney
1	what's are the odds timmonsville's town council has a meeting today? haven't met since tuesday, so they are overdue. tville
1	ok dongwoo's fansite is not accepting new members right now...need to register on the 11th
1	princessmassey lmao i sat here for five minutes like what the fuck did i do to courtney???? ha damn........ -__-
1	i have physics revision for tomorrow but merr, i'm going to fail anyway
1	netanyahu's new alliance with lieberman may not mean an automatic win in the election.
1	watching kandi factory... dam i could have made the show can't none of them sang! lol
1	wichita st. with 3 errors in 2 innings. i imagine veteran coach gene stephenson is boiling in the dugout. msu lead 6-0, bottom 2nd.
1	wichita st. with fundamental breakdowns in 8th. hall singles, harbutz fails to bunt him over. hall picked off. coy whiffs. siu lead is 4-3
1	the wizards summer league team has their last 3 1st rd picks, including the 6th overall last yr &amp; 3rd this yr. theyre losing to the d league
1	2302xy devyyyyyyyy i heard may queen is good, nice guy but has song joongki in it ^^~ i have no interested in drama these days unnie =.=
1	totally going to the marijuana march in dt cleve brb. not
1	r.i.p runako morton. sad day for west indies cricket.
1	i gotta pee like a russian race horse at the kentucky derby on saturday with a truck behind it
1	14th page in hindu tn edition :(. gadkari was on first page though. media will one day sell india for bread crumbs thown by dynasty
1	guillembalague skysports he has 3 years left on his deal so afc's resistance may be to strong. where do you predict espanyol will finish?
1	woodysgamertag your mail monday with fps russia was such a tease lol
1	jacintopatricio yes they seem to be in quite a mess at bcfc hope you beat spurs tomorrow
1	fraud fears as iebc turns to old poll kit: the electoral commission on wednesday said it will take measures to e...
1	red cross halts most pakistan aid after beheading: the international committee of the red cross said on tuesday...
1	gregg williams may never find a job in the nfl again if he's allowed back. snitchin will make your situation worse!
1	and tampa does run a version of the option pass that wsh killed us on. rglll to davis may just be replicated.
1	paulusbrewer the sun is just waiting for its agent to call to see if it can get the job as the glint in justin biebers eye. sun gets saad.
1	the 4th album is on it's way and we didn't even get a tour for unbroken... :( australiawantsdemi - starting to think ddlovato isn't coming
1	just been told by west-point cop that dixie wont be open till friday, morning or night he wasn't sure yet.
1	just watched the rhonda rousey v. meisha tate fight for the 1st time and that was one of the nastiest armbars
1	do we really care about our kids future? think about it: education is the 1st thing cut from budgets on every level.
1	damn i have to wait til' tomorrow before i know if i can go to oslo with my sis. damn. i'm not good at waiting
1	just walked past a girl throwing her guts up outside a bus stop... average monday night in shotton.
1	sean_bridge no don't! i have to fit into a tomb raider costume next wednesday! save it for the cakecrawl!
1	open source misconceptions fading: it web: south africa may be up to five years behind the rest of the world in ...
1	i wanna go to the studio with ulysses n them tomorrow,but i cant. bars
1	i don't get how people are saying she's lying about the direction of her 4th album, because she "lied" about the direction of unbroken?
1	rkprater just read timmonsville is beating the crap out of mcbee 60-8 still in the 3rd!!!
1	on mvc teleconference, it seems jacobson found a lot more things wrong with saturday's exhibition after seeing the tape. unihoops
1	i just finished the 5th season of army wives...now what do i do
1	wicket, its getting worse for the afghans, they have slipped to 22-4 after karim sadiq (5) was run out by jos buttler in the 6th over.
1	dana gets two false starts called on them trying to punt, 3rd one gets returned to their 18. laguna hills scores with 30 sec left, up 31-27
1	xaralind doesn't help that hoya's my bias in infinite :c (btw what are we gonna do about thursday!!!!)
1	iebc warns it will revert to manual voter registration if bvr kits delay, says poll timetable may change.
1	on 17th anniversary of rabin assassination, netanyahu calls murder 'one of the worst crimes of the new age'
1	seriously bummed that perksofbeingawallflower isn't playing at any of the bases here on okinawa...may fly home just to see it!
1	dematha was shocked by gonzaga on saturday. can the stags regroup in time for the wcac playoffs? mdpreps
1	with krul injured for newcastle does that mean that rob elliot will start in goal? has he been on bench this season or 3rd choice. cafc
1	joe_sardelli sorry that we couldn't get you in the party. the guys i was playing with refuse to play ground war. open lobby on wed.
1	jonathan clary's blocked punt sets up mike longo's 3-yard td run and laguna hills cuts dana hills lead to 20-17 with 9:38 left in 3rd
1	dual policy of lpg pricing not acceptable to public, suggestion is that govt. should rationalize the price which may be upto rs. 600/-
1	verumserum vandals in oakland same as the night before in sf with afghans grown in.
1	rediff live! hundreds of afghans on thursday protested for the first time against cartoons of the prophet mohamm...
1	investwatchdog interested? my exclusive: td bank denies allegation it aided $7-billion ponzi fraud; 2nd only to madoff
1	didn't get a chance to post this the other day. goodbye ralph mcquarrie. may you return as a force ghost to guide young artists... starwars
1	this is as brutal of a loss as it gets. up 6-0 then up 2 with 2 outs in the 9th only to blow it. it's going to be a very long winter in wsh.
1	meadabawdy dannypace vbspurs this may sound melodramatic, but andrew breitbart dying was one of the worst shocks of my life.
1	on the news, regarding the "marijuana march" in toronto today: "if you don't hear 'em coming, you'll smell them." nice...not.
1	sat watching the fucking celtic game, sounds like i'm missing a corker at white hart lane
1	queensarmsbar not a very attractive line up. have you got mackems v. mags tomorrow?
1	_mariaaaaaaah that's what i figured. we suspect you may be experiencing some issues related to the storm, maria. we're working on it! ^dgm
1	is this how david miliband got into oxford with bad grades? bbcnews
1	the international committee of the red cross on friday warned that three palestinian hunger strikers were at risk...
1	mom just asked if i wanted to see the knicks vs celtics in october...i hate both teams but it's a live game hmm
1	_maleven one last push sunday, and most of them will have a weeks not playing cos of the cup game midweek before nufc. i never make .....
1	danny care may be the best scrum half england have but he's still a massive c-bomb
1	how many of you believe that andrew breitbart very well may have been murdered?
1	red cross: syria conflict is now a civil war: the international committee of the red cross said on sunday it now
1	off to stolenspacelnd to see the shepard fairey show i didn't get to see last friday...
1	the u16s game with shotton has been called off due to a waterlogged pitch, so they're now going to llani on wednesday night. sorry lads!
1	rmei carolhollyt megishere briteanna and sad as it is, the 6 month waiting time still means i will be on hrt before i would have had 1st
1	krul crocked, just putting it out there craig gordon britains 2nd most expensive keeper is without a club? nufc safc ftm
1	tom boonen has been summoned to man the polling station in mol this sunday. if he doesn't, he'll get fined
1	when mr.craig said sunday night was officially the last day of marching band. &lt; &lt;
1	"reality_touch: hamid mir has rejected the negative views of saleem safi,sana bucha &amp; kamran shahid on pti peace march. read his tweets !"
1	distin's derby disappointment: sylvain distin has voiced his frustration at taking just a point from sunday's mersey...
1	the brick$quad is the yankees of 8th period english iii with doc caputo. targetonourbacks hatedbyall champions
1	i guess i should've been out giving out books last night for world book day. instead i sat in large dark room watching the avengers assemble
1	wheres_mymojo stfu wit them excuses...clippers gonna beat the hell outta the lakers tomorrow
1	why the hell does selma have school tomorrow but parlier, clovis &amp; others don't?
1	ijustinariana aww :/ im pissed cause i cant download unbroken on youtube anymore sigh, and im also going to the cinema tomorrow :d
1	niallofficial australian directioners just had a heart attack. the news said that you boys were back here in oct/nov :-( nottrue ? x
1	by botching case against lieberman, israel's ag may have made way for his union with netanyahu
1	just met the players for the 1st time: this roger johnson fella walks around like he owns the place. so i debagged him &amp; flicked his helmet!
1	yahoosports it is the 6th straight 1st round submission not 6th straight 1st minute ko, miesha tate did go 4:00+ with her. get it right!
1	ugus_sacks or sjp's evil twin who's plotting to put out the sun.
1	lpg price hike put on hold: facing stiff opposition, the centre on thursday night put on hold the rs. 26.50 incr...
1	iebc may hold the most modern &amp; credible elections, but that wont stop kenya from burning again if the intolerance we r witnessing continues
1	lazofficial how they gone kill u on da 1st episode of the new season of breakout kings? damn no more eye candy. miss you
1	this mess is coming towards us tomorrow. spc has a slight risk out for tomorrow, and we'll know more about what it...
1	cliff avril leaves detroit lions game with back injury: detroit lions defensive end cliff avril left sunday's game...
1	""a single-vehicle crash early sunday morning claimed the life of a selma teen. james brandon banks, 19, was...
1	tomorrow. 6 million directioners will just cry and watch the video in silence. littlethings
1	steve emerson interview on shameful us response to islamist riots on sun tv :: ipt in the news :: the investigat... via
1	i reckon in 6 years time i'll be in with a chance of fucking pixie lott if i bump into her on a night out. rohypnol may be required.
1	just watched the whole 2nd season of breakout kings only to find out they canceled the fucking show -.-
1	bjp members walk out from jpc meeting on 2g: bharatiya janata party (bjp) members on tuesday walked out of the p...
1	ahhh song joongki.... why you still on the 3rd place ?? *sobs*
1	who are the dumb asses who decided to shutdown main st on a friday for a town of 50,000+ for a strawberry festival
1	i miss one day &amp; it seems like they're about to give me iss tomorrow. wtf pt
1	don't get me on the topic of andrew breitbart again. i cried like a child last saturday.
1	oh wait if george osborne gets shipped out to space on the b ark from douglas adams' book, he's going to demand an upgrade to 1st class...
1	cliff avril leaves detroit lions game with back injury: detroit lions defensive end cliff avril left sunday's game against the minnes...
1	jack welch and mort zuckerman are always on giving 'wisdom'. isn't their business style part of what made this mess in the 1st. leansix
1	vbnss daily digit: exchanges lost $1 mln a day - oct 31 - nyse, nasdaq, and the cboe each lost about $1 million in ...
1	slept for about 11 hours. i seem to be in quite an odd mood. ah well, soundersfc in play offs tonight (2am) and jack white on sunday!!!
1	kingmonkey70 it seems right back is a problem at the minute. shotton was awful on tuesday.
1	i spelled dongwoo's name as songwoo.. omg, who the hell is songwoo? the 8th infinite member???
1	weak d and a penalty set up a short td run for eastern. 'cats 17-14 with 2:08 left in 1st half.
1	men's latest bedroom worry: '50 shades': e l james' 'fifty shades of grey' may be supercharging the sex-drives o...
1	steve emerson on sun news network with michael coren - political correctness has damaged all aspects of life
1	malta73 i can't even try now cuz it closed at 10pm.. funny though maria said u guys may go away that week? i had asked if she wanted to go
1	uk: chancellor osborne try to sneak into 1st class train with standard ticket - breaking news buzz
1	buses in the white hart lane &amp; high road n17 area may be subject to diversion &amp; delays due to tottenham hotspur match
1	somebody braiding my hair tomorrow idc who but if it doesn't look good i'm taking it out
1	bjp doing drama to hide facts, says minister - the government tuesday accused the bharatiya janata party (bjp) of...
1	congress lashes out at bjp over coal block issue: lashing out at the bharatiya janata party on wednesday for its...
1	i hate watching movies like friday after next on vh1 , bet, mtv,&amp; etc. because they take out the bad language -__-. it's no fun !
1	markbinda sunday night isn't a big tv night for me. besides ar, i was watching army wives but i heard a rumor it's not been renewed.
1	im not getting on twitter tomorrow because all my tl will consist of is a bunch of girls talking about justin beiber aintgottimeforthatshit
1	steve emerson on sun news network with michael coren - political correctness has damaged all aspects of life :: ... via
1	i totally forgot justin biebers is going to dallas tomorrow *loads up the ak*
1	heres everybody's warning nobody better piss me off tomorrow, idc who you are i'm gonna snap done imatmybreakingpoint canttakethisanymore
1	christpa best friend just arrived in nyc from australia. damn it, means i can't watch the two-hour opener of terra nova tonight.
1	hope i get to catch monday night football tonight, havent got to see a game yet.....it's only preseason wk1, but feel like ive missed a lot
1	curtis painter's finally going to get a shot tonight. i can't help but root for that guy!
1	peyton manning ......... noooooooooooooooooooo!!! if curtis painter is starting on sunday, i am going to lose my shit.
1	plain_pete yah i know it's on. but it keeps saying monday night football and says mnf on the scoreboard. i'm just confused bc it's thursday
1	gotexans v. the dirty jets football team on mnf tonight -
1	so verlander is starting tomorrow against the indians and i have to stay over at work. booooooo
1	weird music mood today . lots of hank williams and johnny cash running through the iphone.
1	worcestershire? what are you on about? still coming down from your 1st half high? worldwide fanbase is something mcfc don't have! mufc
1	man,i want to go fuxs with the homies hdashkane addacapo ken2thefool tonite for mnf the horn but i can't:(
1	spot price on 14kt gold is $49.08 dwt in tampa bay today - crazy that gold is over $1800/ounce - remember when the real price was $300.00..
1	arakha oooh. haha. well unfortunately i really shouldn't watch another tonight. although i might. but it'd be blue which will make me
1	aw what the hell curtis painter coming in and we give up 3rd and 18 conversion.
1	today in the weird, world of musical history...hank williams was fired from the grand ole opry and told not to return until he was sober.
1	rt howarderickson: my sons were watching mtv the other night. looked like an absolute freak show. what happened to hank williams, johnn ...
1	scoreboardsteve i gave verlander a slight edge over cc, but after today against boston, he is no cy young material.
1	tonyipi dead on point. u couldn't expect to sweep with verlander pitching...now if u get lucky tomorrow, its gravy and huge.
1	i fail to see why the rams are playing twice on mnf this fall-isn't once enough?and their 1st div game isnt til wk9!un-frickin-real.
1	hopesolofans1 hopesolo i hope my iphone gets service tonite to find out about dwts cause i have no power from the storm. no tv no nuttin
1	lmao rt heathernoel13: curtis painter looks like the kind of guy who would try to buy beer on sunday. scumbag
1	hank williams & whisky in an empty bar on a friday. really? i'm that guy now. fuck. cute bartender but she chats with an off duty one
1	rt rach_rvx: londonriots is trending 3rd worldwide ..... this is not something to be proud of united kingdom!!! sort it out!!!!
1	stoney16 jeffmossdsr i'd recommend just turning it off and waiting for verlander tomorrow.
1	macmiller hate my life, because i can't see you at the roskilde festival on saturday, promise me to come back again, soon.
1	impulsively bought resident evil: operation raccoon city. probably won't play it till tomorrow though. have so much editing to do with 06.
1	your plans of attending the great yorkshire show may have been washed out because of the weather, so how about...
1	nurinqistinaa hannahban4na that's the 1st.2nd: nadia &amp; mysa about mysa break dgn adam. 3rd: this bullshit thingy -.-
1	rhymesayers a close 2nd is playing nothing but rse on my drive to soundset from california. then nothing but rse on the way back.
1	spent about 9 hours straight in the sun for waterparks video shoot, going to spend the same amount tomorrow at riot fest. kill me.
1	everyday i'm like "shit is it the 17th yet!? did i miss the kiryu project!?" &gt;&lt;
1	lol, all the people on the facebook live chat on rock im park are real idiot's. i explain them that evanscence have performed on friday...
1	omigod worst moment when you realise that its the last day of the holidays, school starts tomorrow and you still haven't done your homework!
1	rndm has a beef with music videos debut album "acts" out on oct 30, 2012
1	vivavhs haha. i've got to cut down mate, not looking forward to going through the warners. might try and sort small set tomorrow vestron.
1	gc event update: friday's event fire in the ashes, with jonathan kozol &amp; brian jones, has been cancelled.
1	vermalen and vincentkompany in defence! belgium are going to be difficult to score against when playing their 1st back 4 england
1	catelynn looked like a straight up street walker the 1st season of teen mom.
1	arr! last wednesday, on international talk like a pirate day, some pirates invaded mobius for a day of pirate science!
1	lol rtrihannademos:the fact that almost all the"styled to rock" candidates are on twitter who's ready for stalking?they may spoiled a lot?
1	very disappointed to learn that the great yorkshire show has been cancelled greatyorkshow . had planned to go tomorrow.
1	qionggg i think i go tomorrow. cuz im on my way to my dad first cuz i have no money to go to interlaken t.t i just hope hes there tomorow
1	every time i see a runner slide into 1st, i see kenny lofton laying on the ground, arm limp like a dead fish.
1	thanksgiving leftovers loses its appear after the 2nd day... gotta find some otha shit to eat today.
1	here_comes_b 2nd half couldn't cope. they kept coming at us, shalke crossed, vermalen turned it in..we were playing so well till just b4 ht
1	"i'm fuckin joel skinners daughter!" "you mean the same asshole that held kenny lofton at 3rd in game 6 of the alcs" gethoffme_
1	pro tip: don't attempt to visit the blackpool illuminations in a car on the first saturday evening of school half-term holidays. gridlock.
1	the day after soundset is the day i find out where i didn't put sun screen.
1	quinlivan "and i waslike omigod! fire! and then i waslike omigod? you know? fire? and i was likeah may zing you know..hang on? texting"
1	i don't care what you say but no tuesday can start without a blast of jon bon jovi's "blaze of glory"
1	ballet west reality show raked in a million viewers, may be canceled: in the wake of the success of films such a...
1	fuck you bitch . mitchie made me , she was like " c'mon drew she's cute " .
1	de la soul were disappointing. lazy &amp; uninvolving performance that seemed to be made up on the spot. c'mon, guys. entertainment, right? fib
1	i'm officially 2 for 2 with my friends getting kicked out of rum runners on their 21st
1	daddydavo11, piersmorgan doesn't know what he's talking about mate. wilshere being saved for wednesday same with vermalen!!
1	falcao makes it 2-1 in the 26th minute. he is on the red team. i refuse to call them the red stars and black masters.
1	jiujitsu test tomorrow... i think it might be the first time im nervous about... anything in almost a year
1	clg may have lost to dignitas but i do know this: eagles of death metal are off the chain,
1	ironman wales highlights on channel 4 tomorrow morning at 6.35am. i hope there's no footage of me being sick on the run!
1	yup, guess what? citizen weren't the happiest supporter last night, liverpudlian were. the fact is: finis in 8th, below everton asses lol
1	accused olivia colman, joe dempsie; jimmy mcgovern always comes out with gold, pity i missed the 1st episode
1	i don't know why i played resident evil operation raccoon city, but i did. and i'm not happy about it or the video i made of it for tomorrow
1	typical that when the great yorkshire show gets cancelled the sun comes out. oh well. that's england for you.
1	no, danny elfman. no you may not.
1	rubbish day not helped by helpful academic who says i've rendered my unborn baby irreparably stupid by having a glass of wine on sat nights
1	i dont work til monday but no one is fucking with me sooooo ill be on some de la soul just me myself n i
1	de la soul is sunday at clockenflap?! wtf! at least they had the decency to sched uptown rockers for saturday drafus nyinhk
1	damn i just gave her a reason to ground me 4 da whole festve season... omigod wont evn go ta my pensdown on mon:( shidd!
1	the 80yr old woman arrested for streaking at the chelsea flower show had on 1st prize in the dried bush arrangement.
1	maybe going out on thurs, fri, sat nights is a bit harder than i thought when i also work tues, wed, thur, fri, sat, sun, mon, tues....
1	i may do jiujitsu but i'll punch you in the fucking face.
1	mimii_49 i don't know what is going on with your phone but what's going on tomorrow for hype park?
1	"you cannot run a modern sophisticated economy the way you run a tuck shop at eton" jimmy mcgovern in guardian (
1	so sad i can't be at star wars weekends today. but alas i'm going tomorrow.
1	iwillneverunderstandwhy hot jam is on a monday shit dont make any sense
1	wow! just heard awful news emanuel steward died, rest in peace to one of the truly great trainers of all time. you'll be missed sat nights
1	and thanksgiving leftovers start today. ima be done with turkey by tomorrow. get tired of it.
1	the tragedy of only thinking up hilarious tweets for the summer olympics now is that in four years there may be no place for them.
1	vermalen actually on his own spread instability by gifting a goal at the 3rd min and them making similar error at 46th min which is shocking
1	sadly the fair at splash dance on sunday has been cancelled due to flooding, but you can still get your fix of...
1	the sun sucked the life out of me yesterday at soundset
1	last thing you need on your tv on a sunday morning is a ranting mehdi hasan.
1	went to soundset on sunday and got the worst sunburn i've ever had in my entire life :(
1	due to cancellation of the great yorkshire show, harrogate hwrc will now be open tomorrow. for more information visit
1	oh mehdi hasan. being anti abortion may not make you any less of a lefty but it does diminish you. and that's a shame.
1	afailedtextfromtoday "you going to soundset?"-name withheld. "uh, soundset was last sunday...." ahahahaha
1	man it's tuesday you shouldn't be eating thanksgiving leftovers still
1	gmorerad gav, what the eff is this? i've just gotten home from roskilde festival, 1st internet in a week...does this mean i am out now?
1	i can't believe i forgot today and tomorrow is the aviva london grand prix at crystal palace!
1	i still don't even know what the fuck i'm taking at a level and i have to enrole tomorrow
1	tehzatchmo you better be using a raincoat or an umbrella rack, or kiryu's finest may throw you into prison for life!
1	went to grand bend saturday.. someone drowned that night in the lake.
1	omigod! how dare they stop xfactor for a baseball game, than air it next tuesday. shitty ass channel
1	ego still bruised after poor day of racing ironman wales on sunday. one more rest day then i think i should start doing something about it
1	the pitch for sat nights game is going to me atrocious due to the coldplay concert iwantaamiparkback mvfc
1	if you are still mourning the cancellation of the great yorkshire show why not head to aldandborshow at boroughbridge on 2 sep!
1	tomorrow im going tell all my teachers , we not even supposed to be here ; its veteran day
1	have tickets for great yorkshire show on thursday - very disappointed with this weather!
1	daaan_efc - after the 3rd goal there is a clip of me, my son &amp; his mate going mad in front of a very depressed liverpudlian!
1	jennysjams o no!!! the great yorkshire show was cancelled for tmrw &amp; thursday,its such a shame. so many businesses the weather is affecting
1	willylevy29. come on.u mean to tell me u wouldn't prefer to act alongside maite once again for the 3rd time? u just don't want ppl talking
1	2pm today - live webchat with antonio carluccio. we're not excited at all. no, really *jumps up &amp; down &amp; squeals a bit*
1	de la soul is the shit too no lie
1	for the 3rd year in a row,i total spaced and missed international talk like a pirate day...argh
1	site_v why would i steal mejibray and kiryu stuff? i don't listen to them ~ but i may mess with the shipping so it will arrive late hahaha
1	asif got to enrole at college tomorrow at like 9:( takin the piss
1	damn my best friend is not going to riot fest this saturday since she has a test that night :(
1	pearl jam's 2000 european tour ended in tragedy on june 30, with an accident at the roskilde festival in denmark....
1	on afhv, abc sunday at 7pm - animals on the attack, weddings gone wrong, &amp; a girl's hair gets caught in an electric mixer.
1	i am really missing hockey on sat nights, really board with nothing on tv end this strike soon please nhl!!! nhl
1	lornarosexox thursday night, didnt know we had to enrole during the 2nd year aswell?
1	sessell2012 just the hoys qualifiers that didn't take place on wednesday and thursday of the great yorkshire show.
1	net net and danee gon beat my ass at school tomorrow especially net net she be on dummy
1	and then, warners has hobbit &amp; gatsby n december. so the schedule is so dense that there's really no slot left to move gangster squad later
1	let me tell you two things that don't mix: tuesday night eagles of death metal gig, and wednesday morning 8.00am meeting sleepyflora
1	mysa has closed the laurel point fields, due to the weather conditions. all sessions there on monday are canceled. :(
1	keep thinking its tuesday &amp; get excited because styled to rock will be on then i realise it's only monday &amp; i have to wait till tomorrow:(((
1	10.10.12: my 1st encounter with snow at jungfraujoch. bad weather today in interlaken
1	awww man, great yorkshire show has got cancelled. h_stephenson1 what are we going to do tomorrow now?
1	after arsenal sell song to barcelona we may as well sell vermalen,give szczesny away on a free and make sure our complete spine has gone.
1	when we all agreed that we wanted to see the return of the tour i don't think we mean tuesday tests and meaningless barbarians games.
1	sat in the library trying to give laryngitis to several people via mind-power. especially the liverpudlian girl. stfu
1	omigod! you are sooo good at stupid. so if i didn't call you, you'd have sat there on your high power train n watch me wait?
1	we were going to go to the great yorkshire show on thurs. for hub's bday. it got cancelled. he is v sad.
1	it's a monday, i'm in muskoka, yet i'm not going to the kee for resort night. what the fuck is happening?
1	i'm so sad it's still not tuesday yet because i want to watch nicolaroberts on styled to rock!
1	basedlarock looks like i'm going to do that 1st &amp; i have yet to play the re:operation raccoon city game its always out of stock on redbox
1	you know, soundset was the shit but i don't like this sun burn
1	veteran day is tomorrow and i have a project due? o.o
1	missed atmosphere at soundset due to tornado. now they are going to in dsm tomorrow. do i want to put up with crowds and spend $45 more?
1	omigod, she's gone hysterical. i think she may actually be weeping from laughter. jaberntson startrekvoyager cardassians notkardashians
1	//october-ppropriate oingo boingo. where danny elfman looks at you like a serial kill the whole video so 80s
1	if the snow prevents me from seeing runrig tomorrow i'll be really annoyed, i've been waiting all year!
1	i am surprised the australian tour dates haven't sold out as fast as the ones from the pink friday tour
1	well... it looks like resident evil 6 may divided gamer like operation raccoon city did. oh well, shit happens.
1	the 1st sentence i said at the til definitely wasnt in a liverpudlian accent and i definitly didnt have to keep it for the whole transaction
1	if muslims like mehdi hasan are extremists, who are the moderates? the implicit, insidious message: there aren't any
1	sucks i cant go to the nekromantix show or the brian setzer orchestra show tomorrow and saturday:( i really want to go:,(
1	pissed off with cable tv for taking away the cw network. now i can't watch wwe saturday morning show, vampire diaries, etc! this ruined me.
1	mehdi hasan enraging twitter on a sunday? c'mon, at least give us a day off.
1	not black enough: miss teen usa talks being bullied: on saturday, 18-year-old logan west made history when she b...
1	annavonwinter im sad i never saw you at phoenix comicon but i didnt spend much time in the exhibition hall after friday.
1	twinstwinks yeah. i saw reakwon at soundset and many times before. still want to go but you know. if it wasn't a sunday freaking night...
1	stupid cable took the cw network away why?it better be back by october 11th if not we are going to have a problem lol tvd
1	sometime in the night at hot jam on monday i fell and scraped both my knees and it still hurts to bend them smh
1	r9rai airjapesfifa romilybroad there may not be.. but why when i'm 3-0 up 10 mins left, it turns 3-1, i break, vermalen outpaces ronaldo.
1	i just saw the 1st swansea goal against arsenal. vermalen didn't even try and get back. strip him of the armband. disgrace.
1	because you know that no matter how shitty you feel on a tuesday morning, maite feels shittier.
1	dad's going to hat yai tomorrow. waaaaa. cant see him for the next 4 days. hmm.
1	if we don't go on senior trip with the malvern people, where are we vacationing to? no matter what, we aren't going to be in ohio june 3rd.
1	there you, go, vermalen. you don't clear it, and disaster strikes, especially if van persie is in the area. manu up, 1-0, in the 3rd minute.
1	sadly another australian tour has come to an end going to miss australia so much next stop brisbane tomorrow then...
1	i will watch jimmy mcgovern's hillsborough tomorrow, i am absolutely knackered and don't think i could deal with watching now.
1	still tryna figure out why the hell hot jam is on a monday...
1	i may be in the minority, but i think kenny lofton may have been wronged by the hardline. decide for yourself.
1	youth soccer has been cancelled tonight due to poor field conditions. the next practice is saturday: 3-5's 10am, 6-11's 11am.
1	hot jam shouldn't have been on a monday night &gt;.&lt; i have finals in the morning i can't go /:
1	jonathan kozol event-cancelled for friday event canceled: fire in the ashes: victims and survivors of apartheid...
1	i made the leftover halloween candy last until december 3? i . . . i don't know who i am anymore.
1	kapan sih lo ngebuktiin,jan ngomong doang susah susah.usaha aja blm udh nyerah,inget.if you never try you'll never know.cowok kok gentle bgt
1	activists in deir ezzor captured this image of musab bin umair mosque after regime forces set it on fire wednesday.
1	for international women's day, let's not forget trans*women and those who don't follow the gender binary!
1	drpravintogadia i condemned both the measures but relating it to religion is cheap. if done in jan then holi, if done now, then diwali
1	i got that drank i mix that lean ..i throw the money up and then i walk on green ...kirko bangz got a hit and i was shitting on him at 1st
1	keijhohyun28 oo nga eh :( may picture sana ako with prepix!!!!
1	njea teacher's convention_ nov 8th &amp; 9th in atlantic city has been cancelled for the 1st time in its 158-year history.
1	trey burke suspended for the men's basketball team's exhibition game tomorrow:
1	notdanica7 if you're grandmother is your sister, you may be a redneck. sorry, i sounded like jeff foxworthy. please don't block me.
1	mt lccsy syria, deir ezzor: mohammed al-saleh was martyred due to the shelling of the city. tuesday, 9 october.
1	halloween wore me out next on the list danksgiving on nov 23 at big fish pub in tempe hit up for slots and info only a couple left
1	someone must not be too happy with the hired help in sewickley: sidney crosby's image removed from pens mobile app cover on thursday. nhl
1	profofgoonism september 22 is a bastard bearded irishmen half way to st. patty's day party at mulligan's. i'm going and erika's going
1	renewed fighting rocks syria: an early morning explosion rocked the flashpoint city of deir ezzor on saturday in...
1	dtn cricket: pattinson may be saved for a tour ahead of ashes: james pattinson may not make it to the odi tour o...
1	bdd9 every day from work, monday had the paley screening, tuesday had to run errands, tonight auditions ran late. no break yet. :(
1	im going to the fair tomorrow. fuck that, hahaha
1	how did dylan quirk not make the vic 19's. he kept to james pattinson, darren pattinson and peter siddle in a 1st grade grand final at 15.
1	my mrs was arrested 4 streaking at crufts. the judge gave her 2nd place for her puppies but said her afghan could do with a trim !!!!
1	turn's out apple's snarky statement about samsung isn't quite what the judge had in mind:
1	i don't think i'm going to jouvert tomorrow.
1	ayooitsdock your going to be the reason why i fail this hspa tomorrow, i know it
1	i'll blow up soon &amp; not even remember a day before last june, june 14th, club paradise, to be correct.. the last day every thing seemed ok.
1	lack of lte may cause google nexus 4 to flop: while google is expecting the nexus 4 to be a strong followup to the...
1	mvffxw i swear!! you dont needa be that ratchet in 7th grade. i was just about to call joseph kony.
1	shit that pisses me off: men that complain about international women's day and don't realise international men's day is nov 19th. suck balls
1	why does jeff foxworthy host are you smarter than a 5th grader? he isnt even smarter than a 5th grader romney08
1	bolton wanderers, who are 18th in the championship after winning only three of their 10 matches, have sacked their manager owen coyle.
1	this guy that just sat behind me smells like body odor and curry... so i didn't have to turn around to see who it was. obviously joseph kony
1	ipad 4th generation by apple just after 6 months from ipad3? fail
1	noagenda russian ngos to lose american funding as usaid closes. (euronews video): in july, the russian par... itm
1	need cough medicine and/or lemsips. may be critical if you want the gazette on wednesday! anyone do deliveries??? dying
1	danielcharles96 ah. you may survive it. york may have a word with you about it. he's a dick. a fucking 5's too short for his liking
1	or, you know, some version of it. in 4th grade, i was writing a novel called prisoners of radio city and disneyhyperion didn't exist yet!
1	what if yall catch me on worldstarhiphop tomorrow bc iget arrested at the k.l. concert for trying to rape him thoo ._____.
1	renewed fighting rocks syria - an early morning explosion rocked the flashpoint city of deir ezzor on saturday in an...
1	bayern munich coach jupp heynckes insists his side won't be fazed by the shock loss to leverkusen on sunday -
1	juniors playing powderpuff, if you aren't at practice tomorrow you will not play, it starts at 5:30pm, hope to see you there!
1	sullycnbc didn't ipoop just came out with 3rd gen ijunk not to long ago? why the 4th??? cuz they can not compete with samsung, asus,nexes.,
1	sqorgar and then there are shows that durdle around between neat and terrible/generic the 1st season then get cancelled (terra nova)
1	and whilst listening to dashboard with a hangover, i may as well slit my wrists
1	revbhoyultra i'm more upset by the racist, stereotypical shit that every fucking store under the sun sells around st. patrick's day.
1	appletweets apple is about to lose my business. i recently bought this ipad may 31st... you come out with new ipad and discontinue ipad3!!!
1	casinos in atlantic city closed since sunday because of sandy. what did the pathological gamblers do ?
1	chandy rules out ban on toddy: chief minister oommen chandy said here on wednesday that the government was not i...
1	november 1 &amp; i'm off beer until st. patrick's day. i didn't think i would be hitting the bourbon on day 1 though. rough day.
1	i got tickets to the nc state game saturday and nobody to go with..
1	allie_cat10 it's not friday! and all of marshall's talking when u can't beat out freshman team! they couldn't even score
1	sp to support upa, but oppose anti-people policies: samajwadi party on saturday said it will continue to oppose ...
1	4everlove2ss501 i'm talking about what happened between hyung jun and u-kiss. some kissme accuse us of disrespectful
1	way too amped to sleep right now. it is physically impossible for me to take the sats tomorrow
1	[tempo] vanuatu quake | a strong 6.2-magnitude earthquake rattled the south pacific island of vanuatu sunday, seismo...
1	still yet unanswered, are the sats still on for saturday?
1	i have hspa tomorrow why the fuck am i awake ?
1	kirko bangz is the weakest nigga in the game i smoke weed with that nigga in 8th grade off edgebrook i thought he was lame then n still do
1	san jose, calif.-based ebay (nasdaq:ebay) announced the job cuts in a statement monday morning. most of the job eliminations would be fro...
1	so sad to see the broadwalk in atlantic city destroyed, we were only there back in april - hope they can rebuild it atlanticcity sandy
1	we 10th cuz the acc is garbage. big east has tore them up all year
1	it's endorsement season. you'll want to read tomorrow's indian wells editorial. i'm thinking upset mydesert
1	jason russell interview with oprah is sunday ... let see if the gay question comes up. because him being in the closet it just sad.
1	omg wtf fml. can't sleep. college tomorrow and a presentation on the st. patrick's day campaign for the guinness storehouse..just want sleep
1	nike_wearer the acc had a team ranked 3rd guy. florida state. until they lost to nc state. acc so underrated.
1	york football staff member has leaked that york's goal is to score 100 points against us and leave in 1st string for the whole game true
1	espngreeny big ben gets forgotten because his sb wins weren't memorible. 1st was the bus show. 2nd feel on deaf ears cause it was vs cards
1	i really wish i didn't have to take the act tomorrow
1	saudi security forces opened fire on shia protesters in the tense qatif district of eastern province on friday, detail
1	i miss old school dashboard confessional, taking back sunday, senses fail, early november, and the used. middleschooljams
2	if i make a game as a windows10 universal app. will xboxone owners be able to download and play it in november? majornelson microsoft
2	spyderharrison microsoft the reason i ask is because it may be the manufacturer's fault, and they could help you.
2	ok this is my pure speculation. microsoft owns the cloud compute tech. cloudgine is utilizing the tech. 3rd party devs is open to use.
2	we are still taking registrations for our education technology update with acer and microsoft on august 28! visit:
2	kenttaylor333 youranonnews microsoft the option should be in windows update. you've got a month. clean install may be better...
2	forbesrussia mba casestudy namaste 2 google and microsoft's ceos, but multiculturals mttr!may b the era of bad translations wd b over?
2	here today, gone tomorrow- but still here! a short note on nokia's patent deals with microsoft and alcatel_lucent
2	joebelfiore gabeaul microsoft lumia satyanadella plz add l1520 in the 1st wave of windows10 phones release.plz dont hurt ur diehardfans
2	have u suggested to microsoft that going shopping&amp;doing the gardening may b a workaround?u cd b on to something! :)
2	predictive analytics with microsoft azure machinelearning 2nd ed. now available. msadvanalytics
2	bundyb microsoft i may have missed that memo. (also about time)
2	vukosi microsoft please have a look at this link and see if the errors mentioned may correspond to your errors.
2	microsoft turns to dell and hp to help get surface into the office
2	senatorjohn you going to ac/dc tomorrow night? rockorbustworldtour
2	tweets about ac/dc establish ashley madison hack suspect - the hacker behind the recent ashley madison leak may ha...
2	is there anyone going for ac/dc concert on nov?
2	marichalar is probably gonna wake me up at 5:30 am blasting ac/dc tomorrow because it's game day and oh he plays to tu que sabes
2	did a love of ac/dc just out the identity of ashley madison's hacker?: a love of ac/dc may have inadvertently ...
2	adam_wadey remind her she was dancing to ac/dc last sat night...
2	fly on the wall [remaster] by ac/dc (cd, jul-2003, epic (usa)) music
2	i've been left in the car park. may or may not be rocking out to ac/dc
2	garybailey23 the 3rd didn't have a sound track by ac/dc
2	vesperakiri the item may be sold by a number of sellers or amazon directly which could change delivery estimations. do you have a link? ^kw
2	i'm so bored in 2nd i just bought some stuff on amazon
2	britishgashelp hi guys i changed my tarif over to fix and reward sept 16 and it came with a amazon voucher when will i receive this ?
2	umm i maybe spent more money than i should have today oops. well hopefully the sphero amazon order dosnt come until friday at the very least
2	new release september 9th which is the prequel to complicated love affairs by yolanda dumas available on amazon.
2	amazon may sell $50 tablet with 6-inch screen during the holiday season
2	yuckiest food in the amazon due thursday!
2	alex_olney was going to but then game had to go crazy whacko so i'll probably see if amazon still has the amiibo ed. in stock tomorrow.
2	anyone used googleexpress? not sure if $95 a year for next day is worth it. think amazon may have more choice. cool to have option though.
2	need s10 but will probably wait until around black friday since it would be just $10 in stores and on amazon.
2	_tomcc amazon released it on friday. it doesn't have in game music though. is it suppose to?
2	likchan nice! i have the bottom two! where have you been getting yours? (i paid exorbitant amazon 3rd party seller costs for xenoblade)
2	eckoxsoldier for some reason amazon app store had the update on the 5th or for some reason my mcpe updated to 0.12.1 back on the 5th!!!!!!
2	my uroboros tracking from amazon is different... i hope that means it's coming via the route that will make it in time for friday delivery!
2	mcpesuggestions got amazon last thursday, got ios last night but the update isn't showing in google play store yet...
2	spike lee on his new project, amazon's 1st theatrical film release chiraq "art can impact the world in a positive way and a negative way."
2	5 star seo author promotion page designed 2 help come up in the 1st page of search engine results, above amazon &amp; sws
2	wines of france was scheduled for publication tomorrow, but amazon released it early. look inside at
2	i just cried at the amazon prime advert with the boy in the superman outfit. wild friday night
2	ladaykay imfletcher2 if you have amazon prime, it may be for you. best buy is dropping the cost of the fire stick, i hear.
2	tfw the 2nd the hunger games movie is on amazon prime but not the 1st one i didn't watch
2	beyonseh i have amazon prime which is supposed to be like 2-day shipping but it says mine won't be here till next tuesday :/
2	seeing as you have to be apart of amazon prime to watch certain shows, i may have to join to see the rest of the man in the high castle.
2	misanthropester go4abe 3rd bass documentary going straight to netflix and amazon prime
2	i started theamericans on friday courtesy my vacationing cat-owning neighbors with amazon prime. oops. uh, i'm not paying amazon myself.
2	i like testing amazon prime shipping so i don't order shit till 5:00 on a friday to see if they can get it here by saturday...
2	i'm a sociologist with an amazon prime account; i also eat strawberries in december. i am the problem!
2	amazon prime now delivers alcohol to fuel your drunk online shopping: said on tuesday it...
2	im in the mood to watch next friday but netflix don't have it. let me check on amazon prime
2	i don't have cable, so i'll catch up with suits via amazon prime tomorrow.
2	ship by region provision may augment amazon prime's two day shipping deal:
2	lizzlie whsmith i think? or an amazon prime account would get it there by tomorrow
2	darthgm a) i only just now found out about force friday what the hell. b) amazon prime those blasters.
2	24/7 wall st- was amazon prime day a dud?: everybody was watching to gauge the impact of wednesday's amazon pr...
2	amazon prime day deals pose little black friday threat: a blue selfie stick pro with 3-in-1 bluetoo... bluetooth
2	only two spots remain in my july 26th camera workshop. there's just two hours left to get my amazon prime day...
2	jesus may have been born on christmas and died on easter, but he got the tableware for the last supper at 40% off on amazon prime day.
2	why was amazon prime day on the 15th? that's not a prime number. should have been the 17th math
2	amazon prime day is not the new black friday as british retailers have little appetite for mega sales... yet.
2	it looked like ebay and a garage sale had a baby an named it "amazon prime day", a glorified "black friday"garage/yard sale.
2	so the much mocked amazon prime day? it outperformed the company's best black friday by 18%. humanity in a nutshell. look at the shiny.
2	amazon claims prime day as big as black friday: amazon prime day netted the e-commerce... via thedrum
2	see what's going on in the world of ecommerce including amazon prime day, ebay q2 results and apple pay news
2	amazon prime day: worst sale ever or huge success? - it was dubbed the next best thing to black friday. it caused ...
2	wife: amazon prime day beat black friday. me: that's so racist wife ...
2	is amazon prime day really the new black friday? our insight team take a look:
2	search around black friday much higher compared with amazon prime day lauriesullivan
2	and that's also pretty much the deal i missed out on during the amazon prime day sale. ....ah, i get paid friday. what the heck!
2	marketing &amp; sales, 3 marketing lessons from amazon prime day: even though the social media world may h... modesto
2	by suzanne moore, monday 13 july 2015 the guardian this time, it's not me who says that! //ro angela merkel and...
2	angela merkel: 'deny marriage to gay couples': angela merkel revealed on tuesday that while she thinks s... (hfp)
2	niamhpuirseil nicola s, theresa may, liz kendall &amp; angela merkel. but i'm wrong about the last one, right? i just see her everywhere atm.
2	young palestinian asylum seeker breaks down when angela merkel explains to her why she can't stay in germany
2	perhaps prime minister's questions would be better if policy victims asked the questions. see this with angela merkel
2	you may blame angela merkel for her response, but if you are a history student, you will remember that the islamic...
2	contrasts 20th-21st cent. angela merkel understands quantum physics. does she have political depth for long term german survival?
2	had a dream about meeting angela merkel and discussing the greece crisis and how she may not win the next election if debt had to be w/off
2	"grexit" struggle tests germany's power duo: on july 17th, her 61st birthday, angela merkel stepped to the pod...
2	slavoj zizek: how alexis tsipras and syriza outmaneuvered angela merkel and the eurocrats (in these times, jul 23)
2	lol at mar doing the angela merkel hand rest gesture. sona sona2015
2	moscow, may 6 (reuters) - russian president vladimir putin and german chancellor angela merkel will discuss the crisis in ukraine at talks
2	if angela merkel fainted at bayreuth tristan it may be the only thing she has in common with emmanuel chabrier
2	would british politicians go to the opera? angela merkel flies the flag for german arts.
2	merkel the great: angela merkel set to run for 4th term according to reports
2	angela merkel plans to run for a 4th term in 2017 if she wins she'd be chancellor for 16 years
2	angela merkel is expected to go see tristan &amp; isolde at bayreuth. i want her job
2	germany's leader angela merkel angie_merkel to run for 4th term, she is in talks about her election campaign according to derspiegel
2	angela merkel at the 3rd national electric mobility conference in berlin emobility
2	had a dream that angela merkel was trying to get me to snort coke with her at a music festival. happy wednesday everybody
2	'angela merkel is right: the migration crisis will define this decade'.
2	on the big phone in today - do you agree with angela merkel that the uk should take in more migrants? 9am bbc3cr
2	germany can lead the immigration debate - chancellor angela merkel said tuesday that the migration crisis...
2	washington, aug 26 (reuters) - president barack obama in a phone call with german chancellor angela merkel on wednesday voiced
2	angela merkel and francois hollande consider the conduct of the elections in dnr and lnr threat minsk agreements
2	paulaedwyer tat may be the president of azerbaijan. i don't even think this is current. that's a very youngish angela merkel behind abe
2	angela merkel's humane stance on immigration: would that we heard more from the canadian campaigns on this topic.
2	eu may bring back border controls, angela merkel suggests: the german chancellor says for the... thearkoftwitter
2	"there can be no tolerance of those who question the dignity of other people." - angela merkel stood up to be counted
2	ajweald daily telegraph reports angela merkel has said the eu may be forced to bring back passport controls in the wake of the migration
2	eu may bring back border controls, angela merkel suggests &lt; admittance that she's been wrong all along? hope so...
2	theresa may calls for a return to the original principle of eu free movement, angela merkel calls - googlealerts
2	there's no love lost btw them but angela merkel will present the biography of her predecessor gerhard schroeder on sept 22, bild reports
2	closing the stable door etc - eu may bring back border controls, angela merkel suggests | via telegraph
2	chancellor angela merkel said catalonia may have to reapply for eu membership if it seceded from spain. snp
2	40% of syrians are graduates. perhaps angela merkel's decision is not just humanitarian.
2	chancellor angela merkel planned to discuss europe's migrant crisis with her coalition partners sunday, as...
2	angela merkel may be the most powerful politician in europe, but she has rarely shown much inclination for bold...
2	you can live stream today's apple event here at 10 pdt :
2	tech tuesday: apple launches new iphone with 'force touch' newiphone
2	they may have redesigned the apple site but they kept the "taking the store down for an event" bit - - slow clap time
2	rumors suggest no apple event this october. so you mean all the ipads are on it's way today? come on, now that's so much of writings.
2	the apple launch event will be going live by sharp 8:00 pm in saudi arabia, on this day, that's wednesday.
2	i really hope apple weighs a cup of nuts on the iphone 6s (9th generation iphone)
2	wednesday apple reveals their new products...so u should set up an appt w/ your financial planner around the same time
2	what to expect besides the new iphone 6s at apple's september 9th press event
2	watch apple's september 9 iphone and more launch on livestream: if you have a few hours to kill.
2	what to expect from apple in about 3 hours and 45 minutes
2	7,000 seats for an apple product announcement? iphone is just upgrade. apple/siri tv may be big. i wonder who's playing? taytay? billy j.?
2	yxblyh we are hoping for the september 17th. just waiting for approval from apple.
2	could we find out today just why apple spent $3b for dr. dre's beats? inquiring minds want to know.
2	my predictions for the apple event: apple have bought tesla, uber and google cars, as of tomorrow car ownership is now a thing of the past.
2	iphone 6s launch: more details leak ahead of apple's september 9 event: iphone 6s launch on wednesday is just ...
2	you can watch the live apple special event. join apple here on september 9 at 10 a.m. pdt. iphone ipad
2	anyone interested to find out about the new iphone - livestream from 5pm uk time on any apple device
2	love to friends at the apple event. wish i were there with you, but given what i'll be doing on the nurburgring tomorrow, i shan't complain.
2	today's apple event can be streamed on a pc only with microsoft edge. interesting. cc jacobrossi
2	honestly. sony getting feisty with apple is like watching a chihuahua yapping at a rottweiler
2	you can watch apple's own stream of today's event, or you can read me making fun of it. you must choose
2	apple's keynote set to start 12pm central time. stream it here:
2	this may be more of an apple revival meeting than a press conference. this is the employee registration line.
2	apple a look at the evolution of apple's iphone: apple will unveil the new iphone on wednesday. the next ipho...
2	hours to go for apple event, here's the word on the streets: were just 2 hours away from apples september 9 ev...
2	99% no one is dropping an album at today's apple event. free trial period ends sept 30. if anything, it'll be after to encourage renewals.
2	if you have missed one of the many many many many fyi posts about this, the apple event is here ---&gt;
2	retweeted not jony ive (jonyiveparody): if you want to know what samsung will do tomorrow, tune in to apple...
2	jeffkibuule i think the keyboard on the surface pro may be a weak point. will be interesting to see what apple does for hardware input
2	wait. so did apple just give folks another reason to upgrade to windows 10?
2	a) watch the apple event, despite having little interest in what may be announced or b) keep working, catch highlights later leaning a :/
2	so the apple event stream doesn't allow it to be streamed in chrome or firefox, but does allow the edge browser o.o
2	trying to follow the appleevent without an apple product. here's a live blog.
2	amused by the 2nd hand commentary on the apple keynote this morning. techthings wheretheladies
2	tech apple announces major update to the apple watch for september 16th
2	apple's new model of watchos 2 is going to be available on september 16 in 24 countries except india
2	been using the pebble watch for a few days now and going to compare it to the apple watch tomorrow on omn.
2	apple watch will arrive at best buy on august 7: this greater availability of the apple watch may pla... appletv
2	stocardapp tried on apple watch at ah: impossible to hold watch before scan at desk. turn it upside down may help!
2	bestbuy - where can i find the list of which best buy stores will be selling the apple watch on friday?
2	bestbuy - what time does the apple watch go on sale this friday?
2	microsoft brings outlook to apple watch: microsoft made a bigger push in the wearables market on thursday, but...
2	sigh, my apple watch just informed me "time to stand" literally right after i sat down after walking to get a cup of coffee.
2	apple watch may be a game changer when it comes to fitness activities, but not everyone has jumped on that...
2	since i can't jailbreak the apple watch, the theming platform may have to been an app to download icon packs, and then the user 1/2
2	why buy an apple watch when you can get an edgier budget smartwatch by xiaomi? rumor: will release in november!
2	mobile news appyea prepping new mobile app for apple watch - on tuesday morning, mmw was briefed by the crew at ap...
2	ubs: interest in apple watch 'tepid' - it sounds like apple watch is hot, but interest in the smartwatch may actua...
2	apple watch sales sluggish but will catch on, says analyst: is the apple watch a flop so far? hmm, that may or may not be the case. b...
2	you'll be able to buy the apple watch from select harvey norman, domayne, jb hi-fi and myer stores from tomorrow
2	samsung teases round smartwatch with heavy apple watch influence: samsung's unpacked event on thursday brough...
2	don't miss your shot to win an apple watch from toddshowusa tomorrow morning ... get the secret code here:
2	square cash adds convenient money transfer to apple watch: cash, the iphone app that lets you easily send mon...
2	this may have changed my mind about buying an apple watch.
2	there's gonna be that one kid on monday that walks in with the apple watch.
2	so, i may have just ordered myself an apple watch. hope i like it
2	starting tomorrow, you'll be able to reserve and buy an apple watch in stores
2	nice evening for a little walk. apple watch is telling me to stand up so better listen to it. gettingfat sunday
2	just think the chip inside apple watch is equivalent to several mainframes from the 70s era!
2	apple watch with expected price of rs. 25000 coming to india in this october
2	in april-june 2015 q, apple watch is no 2 in the wearables market. who is the current no 1 in wearables ?
2	apple ipad pro might be announced on september 9 event along with smart bands for apple watch.
2	is it true? is it true? apple watch's here? (para namang may balak ako bumili hahahaha)
2	my apple watch just told me to stand up.... but i haven't even sat down yet...
2	the apple watch may become so addictive it keeps people from looking at what's truly important in life, like their iphones.
2	stuartdredge code buster for apple watch, the 1st game out of our creative coding centre.
2	that sense of accomplishment when you've sat in front of your computer for 2 hours straight apple watch says you've met your exercise goal.
2	_maackdaddy_ lol i was talkn abt swansea bro, smh the 4th postion is either u guys or arsenal that one na standard!
2	merson has predicted us to finish 8th this season and arsenal 3rd..... sky sports home of the biased mofos!
2	piersmorgan lionelrichie finished 4th, just like arsenal.
2	bentalebed choose one: a. spurs finish 4th, but arsenal win the treble. b. spurs finish 4th, above arsenal, but means no new stadium?
2	sarm0161 i know what you mean. people are always shocked when i say my favourite game was arsenal at villa park in 88 in 2nd lc replay
2	don't know the arsenal's history and don't understand anything about football. impressive...
2	arsenal midfielder theo walcott is linked to a move to camp nou the upcoming
2	johnjig huwwilliams13 johnny_g86 no i vehemently disagree, if wenger was as past it as you say, arsenal would not have finished 4th as
2	garynewman08 goonrambler fkhanage would you be upset if arsenal finish 2nd?
2	lol he's better than any united centreback, would be 4th choice at arsenal
2	goonersteve12 . so long as arsenal finish 4th, cl is confirmed, mr wenger will remain as manager. realistically, we can not win the pl.
2	gilchrist450 bluestu1872 how much was he signed for? did it make a dent in mr king's warchest or is he going back to arsenal in january?
2	so it's all on giroud and theo for arsenal, then...
2	i thought arsenal were the ones who were supposed to have this
2	on a monday morning you still carry schneiderlin matter put for head. these arsenal fans ehn
2	johnada75157425 ratedpunk79 c'mon guys, surely chupa chups! my arsenal mate took the piss every saturday for that one!! swfc
2	huuurrley i agree with chelsea city and arsenal but man utd?no way mate they will be more closer to 5th rather than top 3
2	arsenal could buy psg's lavezzi in the january transfer window after admitting that he is likely to leave arsenal
2	arsenal midfielder content with draw
2	stillberto awesome, our only out and out striker lacking in confidence and out of form. i'm sure the arsenal fans will back him sat......
2	khaleel yessir. leaving the 2nd. a try get a ticket for the arsenal match on the 4th
2	does anyone know how silver/red arsenal members can sell their tickets? can't make saturday's game. arsenal arsenalmoh8 geoffarsenal
2	gunners want real madrid midfielder? tuesday's arsenal gossip round-up
2	be fair, cde. it's like the way my arsenal will viciously fight any team that tries to come 4th. it's our spot.
2	i still call arsenal's old ground highbury. like chuff am i going to call it anything other than the millennium
2	finding out d6merit is an arsenal fan has broken my heart a little bit. still, going to be great to have him back saturday.
2	nobaraismaros | arsenal vs stoke city | sabtu 12 september | open 22:00 wita | at homebase (warkop dg te'ne) | dc: all about arsenal.
2	british press spin the truth to claim arsenal and man city have made moves to sign isco this january
2	juventus are ready to let simone zaza go in january, with arsenal interested in the 24-year-old striker. fichajes - in spanish
2	a good few arsenal fans still pulling for giroud. guess it's 3rd/4th in the league, round of 16 in cl and maybe an fa cup again.
2	transfer news 09/09/2015: arsenal want star in january, man utd keen to sign varane
2	arsenal-stoke statistical preview - stoke have proven arsenal's bogey side in recent years, but the team under mar...
2	what time is arsenal vs stoke on saturday and what tv channel is it on? - afc
2	shaqiri on game at arsenal: "it will be a difficult game for us at arsenal on saturday, but it is one that we...
2	still looking for their first win, arsenal face portsmouth twice in a week, this evening at highbury with the return fixture next wednesday
2	timesofindia .neymarjr may make barca return against malaga: coach via toisportsnews
2	vermaelen starting for barca 2nd time in a row. didnt think he'd play that much for them.
2	mediocentroen that he's a 4th choice cb at barca and has started two games?
2	noelle_cruz think they put him number 3/4 these sky sports pundits are pro barca, spent ages talking about messi's win on thurs.
2	we now just need less than 4.5 goals in the barca match and real match to land the 32/1 7-fold. i may cover our bet before the last match
2	i hope that barca does a lot more better in the 2nd half then in the 1st half.
2	i honestly think what we're seeing with fabregas is really him and why barca were quick to part ways. last august-november was a one-off
2	pedro sat bench for barca &amp; kdb wins poty in germany but yet pedro is the "better" player.
2	barca on the other hand could have problems. must avoid injuries and stay in touch til jan and probably add 2 more on top of arda an vidal
2	oldtraffordreds i look at his past record 2 n it's awful nearly got barca relegated nearly finished 5th wif bayern b4 he got sacked
2	rafaelh117 dianakristinne do you guys think if barca reaches january as leaders they can win the league and whether team can achieve that
2	lewis59453181 yer some argentinian kid from barca is flying in tomorrow, apparently traore has told him it's good at villa.
2	_suprene sintripas_ if he can play then i hope he plays against barca, on the 20th
2	if ddg is stuck here till jan, can we offer him to barca just to annoy madrid even more.
2	madrid and barca run the la liga, not a chance ddg won't be a madrid player by tomorrow.
2	of course it will be, when barca can sign a player inspite being banned from signing, why not real get 1 minute.
2	halamufc swagattt joelsimondsouza personally i think utd should just tell madrid, the deal is gone and then in january sell ddg to barca
2	barca fans when they saw "uefa will study the case tomorrow. they will make a decision on the de gea case"
2	tigeramer10 sergemufc .. which they won't do as they are facing a transfer ban akin to barca. even de gea going january misses the cl.
2	the__fundraiser barca turned down the opportunity and experimented with suarez. bayern haven't opened a cheque yet[have 1st preference]
2	ben lederman may well end up being the first american to play for barca but, for the time being, it sounds like he's heading to florida.
2	bluekippercom edmunddafox he's off to barca in january
2	atletico madrid is going to be dangerous..pedro leaving is going to hurt barca in the long run..no bench to rest msn
2	. may make barca return against malaga: coach
2	yea, just play for u21 when the club asks, u may had won a lot wit barca but that is past, tis is unitedddd(spartaa)
2	can only mean one thing: he is joining barca - probably in january.
2	fcbmjohnkj psg could be the 2nd best team in the world behind barcelona but they always get barca lol, so we would never know
2	andrewmperry the thing though is if pogba ever does leave juve it will be to barca, also my team isn't in 13th place right now.
2	we are not real barca or bayern that players would be ready to join the club as a 2nd/ 3rd choice. on what grounds would you bench coq/santi
2	(a) "things" don't "bounce off" batman. that's superman. batman dodges. (b) trump isn't a playboy, he's married.
2	ssnyder1835 oh c'mon, you write batman! that means you get paid around the same amount that bruce has right?...riiiiiight? :)
2	js news 2 september 2015 - paul southwell, head of junior school from bears to batman, the js's book week parade..
2	kyrissulean &lt;sigh&gt; yes i'll still be painting your batman minis. although i may need to take a break to make sure i get my malifaux done :)
2	slate ouch! i know an old school, geek from pembroke pines. 1of the 1st "batman" nerds in tech support. i wouldn't send a signal 4 him tho!
2	still working on batman and the hero's journey and archetype. we will wrap that up tomorrow. also finishing up rcbm assessments. goal 151/0.
2	gailsimone maybe replacing people/ concepts we don't like in real life with heroic figures?we may not agree with batman but he gets results
2	gailsimone donald trump may think he's essentially batman but we'd prefer batman to run for president because... well, he's batman.
2	so, you all may have noticed that alli-gator and batman have been mia. well, i left alli with randi, and i passed...
2	thezorker approximatethom but i posit batman, be he chaotic or lawful, should oppose the death penalty, though his methods may vary.
2	hear marcbernardin and i talk about batman and bond, marvel movie moves and force friday on a brand new fat man!
2	just in: batman has decided to check his privilege and hand over the cowl to a non-rich orphan. many lives may be lost, but fair is fair.
2	ssnyder1835 the dc comics site has batman 44 releases on the 9th but its out now?
2	kedai komik online exclusive | for a limited time (september 4th - december 21st) the batmobile from 'batman v...
2	i just realized that batman's ideology of murdering may be the reason why i don't smoke
2	batman killed, used a gun + lived in new york, not gotham for the 1st few years in comics batman kindle amazon
2	we compared 5th grade to two-face from batman. there are both good and bad things about it.
2	superman is an alien, powered by the sun. batman is a mere mortal, powered by his bank account. why is there gonna be a movie?!
2	hahahahaha!!! i don't think he has to worry about turning into batman, as much as he may have to worry about...
2	dickfundy may joke all you want but at the end of the day its not your idealistic superman or batman cont.
2	holy heat wave, batman! that was a scorcher today! be sure to rehydrate tonight! see you tomorrow at 8am for summer sunset blast cleanup!
2	running so late, planning on being batman tonight for random game saturday
2	remember the bale's batman trilogy. 1st movie: batman emerges as a new savior. 2nd movie: batman is hated and casted away as a bad guy.....
2	matthewcerrone batman played with a broken back....the mets don't have to let him pitch on tuesday. hold him 4 postseason. 2 starts left.
2	040hz i mean, batman was corny af until this trilogy, the 3rd one was so not batman.
2	headgeek666 tom hardy should play bane again... he should kill batman when they want 2 replace like in the comics... the 3rd... knightfall
2	xbox 360 250gb black friday bundle with halo 4, darksiders ii, tomb raider and batman
2	based on these arkham games, batman may not kill, but he's definitely put a few people in comas.
2	i want to be batman on halloween ;w; but i'm going to be busy on that day, even when it's a saturday tt~tt
2	i may have no clue what i'm doing with my life but i have batman underwear, so...
2	sat my sister down and we watched batman vs robin half the movie was her sobbing the other half was her staring in horror and shock
2	pray to batman, pray to the sun, pray to joe peschi. about the same odds any way you spin it
2	danwjonson no because of bias. when, before thurs, are the critical, probing bbc programmes on the other three candidates?
2	starsparkle_uk as broke bbc cuts back services to uk, international propaganda becomes top agenda, paid for by you;
2	elladorsey_wbir check out the bbc broadcast from cypress avenue last monday. vanmorrison
2	bbcnewsnight but it's ok for sustained alarmist, biased and untrue general coverage from the sun, mail, express, sky and bbc?
2	warnicam the bbc is also in the midst of a major restructuring. they seem to have a more concrete plan than hubert's
2	question from afar. isn't cameron just acting on the mandate the british people gave him in may? or am i reading too much bbc and guardian?
2	squawkcnbc watch bbc next monday to learn the dark secret of zurich strategy to exit the banking market. 99% of loans in default!? really
2	this sat bbcr4extra "raids the bbc archive to see how we reported the story of it" from bletchleypark
2	clairefuller2 sunday's version on the bbc was so bad, i wish my telly had been wrapped in brown paper.
2	[tv] reluctant persuaders (bbc radio 4) tue, sep 15, 6:30 pm comedy by edward rowett set in hardacres, the worst advertising agency in lon..
2	stroke damage 'helps smokers quit': a brain region called the insular cortex may drive smoking addiction... (bbc)
2	bbc: eurozone growth revised upwards - economic growth in the eurozone between april and june has been revised upw...
2	a few interesting tidbits from the bbc graphics - looks like german may only be granting asylum to around a quarter of people applying
2	guess that just makes the lifting local rags do from bbc anyways sanctioned and official, no real change...
2	darren_gilmore galey121 billdobell miss 11yo loves 13th street, bbc crime, etc, news hasn't had an impact yet - she still listens to me
2	telegraph if local journalism is subjected to more consumer control, you may have a case to reduce bbc journalism. oh, but the profits!?
2	the hitchhiker's guide to the galaxy game - 30th anniversary edition need to sign up with the bbc online.
2	"bbc kicked for holding out the hand of friendship to newspapers" guardian
2	keep an eye out for the lochgoilhead centre and 3rd carluke scout group appearing on the bbc tomorrow night on...
2	grahamlithgow what in your opinion are some of the memorable saturday-night shows that bbc &amp; itv have scrapped recently?
2	video: fury as lion killer returns to work: there were angry scenes in minnesota on tuesday as the us de... (bbc)
2	aina the christian militia taking on islamic state in iraq: (bbc) -- across the sun-scorched landscape of... me
2	use the bbc calculator to see what care costs you may face you
2	i see the bbc's "try of the week" was scored by wigan v catalonia dragons last saturday at the den. ....theatreofdreams
2	matt long and will morris will be on bbc radio stoke at 9.00 am tomorrow, being interviewed in the community...
2	pearlsonvelvet the papers (the sun in this case) usually inform the bbc press office in advance.
2	still waiting to hear from the bbc re the number of complaints about the panorama programme ... bbcpolitics
2	others. tom robinson of bbc 6 music told me in july i have to get back to engaging with people.
2	even the puppets had id cards at bbc...
2	bbc picked up the nfl for 2 years.....that'll give clare balding something to do on sunday nights
2	alpeshchauhan26 hopefully bbc will televise film sometime as they did with 1st 10 pieces with bbcnow. loved the bwv 565!
2	that's a half arsed effort from bbc with the nfl. highlights show from november! season starts tomorrow ffs. thank god for skysportsnfl
2	house of cards author says my treatment raises 'disturbing questions about the inner workings' of the bbc.
2	fivegods1 if i'm honest disappointed to hear bbc are covering it, 1st i'd heard, prefer license fee money to be spent on domestic sport.
2	first record of colin baker at the bbc: bbc2 serial the roads to freedom. part 5 - shown 1 nov 1970. doctorwho
2	scotnational her political interference last yr may not be on bbc but we all remember what she did.
2	looks here. a list of the most popular stories on bbc - brenda's way down in 6th, today of all days! republicstaff
2	but if mr corbyn does win, he may well be haunted by a sense that he didn't really want the job in the first place. laura kuenssberg, bbc
2	lpt4 involved in pursuit through bentley and st james before the target vehicle lost control in the wet weather sunday evening. drugs seized
2	tyga may have not bought a bitch a bentley but he still bought one a ferrari.
2	i will be at the famous bentley's saloon in arundel maine tomorrow night from 7 to 11 and it's also prime rib night
2	and the new bentley truck is officially coming out
2	.kelseybone3 puts back a bentley miss. sun tie the game again at 58. letsgosun
2	the whole wac12 smack makes me feel like the spoiled rich kid, may be driving dad's bentley... but still driving a bentley.
2	hannivroom bentley, you are right. my sensitive skin can't take too much sun. thank you.
2	bentley with a floater for two for the sun, but pince, charles, and cash score to make it 6-2 ny early.
2	pretty floater by bentley over charles. she has 7, bone 6..sun 13. stokes with the layin for her first hoop
2	bentley hits and the sun shoot themselves in the foot with a delay of game technical...prince misses somehow
2	bentley makes a tough jumper as she is getting pushed. sun still hanging around, 85-78. letsgosun.
2	update:: bentley has informed me that my shoes that i cannot find may or may not be in the trash. :-) that is all. carry on.
2	bentley is 4 years old today. this was the 1st day i got him
2	femaiestruggiee you may not put bumpers stickers on a bentley you also don't let a shit load a people drive it either if you get my drift
2	ended up with 35 dogs friday. i think they all came to say goodbye to sawyer. here she is with bentley the puppy....
2	bbcburnsy do you think they'll be an improved bid for bentley at southend tomorrow? massive pause when you asked him the question !?!
2	threes by bentley and camillelittle give sun 11, tying season-high. but sun are down 88-77 with under a minute left. letsgosun
2	knroddy95 i miss you and bentley! are yal coming up saturday?!
2	just found bentley sat on the floor in the loo odd dog lol
2	bentley says state will have a budget oct. 1st it may not be a budget people want he tell who voted for it
2	breakingnews a man is in custody and is assisting police over the stabbing death of a man in bentley on thursday perthnews wanews
2	jamesturner37 pjm1kbw britain's "top" divorce lawyer says you guys should. be ordering bentley's shame it's rubbish
2	miranda_n_music i figure bentley was worse because he strung ashley along for weeks when he didn't like her at all. but joe's a close 2nd!
2	i wanted my mom to drive me to school in the bentley tomorrow but its only 2 seats ): and she has to drive my sisters too
2	bentley volleyball falls in home opener to convent-sf. tomorrow is a new day, keep improving. gophoenix ontherise bentleyvolleyballl
2	legohannibal hannivroom *will knocks on the door again.* is the window in your room open, bentley? can you see the sun?
2	mentally preparing myself for a 15 1/2 hour day tomorrow. if i don't make it someone take care of bentley.
2	all settled into the hotel in ri for a few days as the 1st few stops on the bentley tour begin.
2	my life consists of taking care of bentley and waiting for under the dome every thurs.
2	women's volleyball: liu post 3, bentley 0 (final) falcons fall in 3 despite 10 kills from buscher. back at it at 10 am tomorrow morning
2	football: mercyhurst 14, bentley 7 (3:00 1st) touchdown! bannerman runs it in from 5; big play: montalto-d. mahoney for 46 yds to 10 d2fb
2	football: mercyhurst 21, bentley 14 (halftime) bannerman takes it in from the 3 with 14 seconds in half, his 2nd td of game ne10 d2fb
2	son in law reversed into a car on friday. woman got out do you know this is a bentley know what i would have said food banks refugees gtf
2	excessive hit on eagles after defender falls on bentley after he hits turf. 15 yd penalty. 1st and 10 on emu 42.
2	new haven and bentley will also face off next friday night as both teams looks for their first win of the season. ne10
2	i hope this fever goes away tonight so we don't have to cancel bentley's newborn pics tomorrow. hopeful
2	autopap you may, the wonderful thing about people's tastes - completely different. this bentley doesn't offend me too much tbh.
2	my son got his 1st broken heart today. he found out the girl he had a crush on is supporting bernie sanders. next! truestory
2	truthseeker2115 ...besides, i agree with bernie sanders on 90 percent of thing, so you and i may be closer than you think.
2	i liked a youtube video sen. bernie sanders joins ed schultz news and commentary: friday the 4th of september
2	"can bernie sanders really beat hillary clinton in iowa?" excellent summary of the sanders campaign.
2	monica vernon and pat murphy - rivals in democratic primary for iowa's 1st congressional - are both at cr picket with bernie sanders.
2	bernie sanders will be news when he collapses - "the corporate press is the cancer of truth" - me - i'm a survivor -
2	pepsico sensanders im a blatant antizionist, that thinks u may have it twisted mikelbtko bernie sanders is no zionist. stopthespincycle
2	the northwestern wildcats may not just be chicago's team but could very well be bernie sanders team! think about...
2	bernie sanders event saturday 12 noon, huntington bch ca at the pier (main st.) please join us, or if not, retweet
2	bernie sanders is like your 8th grade class president who won the election by campaigning to have 3 hour recess and free cookies every day
2	deciding if i want to spend $100 to meet bernie sanders friday in atlanta.
2	bernie sanders: hillary clinton camp 'getting nervous': sanders chuckled on saturday at clinton's suggestion that she will be the can...
2	upwithsteve why does the sunday host assume latinos don't like/know bernie sanders? we do know and like bernie s. claro que si
2	i keep hearing from people who don't support bernie sanders that they do so because he is a socialist. this may...
2	1) may be wrong, but if i read it right, bernie sanders majored in political science and then went straight to a life of running for office
2	come work a booth with me and others for bernie sanders at the elkton fair on september 9.
2	spent labor day on the campaign trail in new hampshire, listening to bernie sanders (who i'll write about sunday)...
2	staceyhopkinsga is there going to be a bernie sanders rally at woodruff park on 17th?
2	i'm telling you if bernie sanders picked kanye as his running mate right now he would win the election tomorrow but no one listens to me
2	warren buffett may admire bernie sanders but he's not backing him. he says that bernie won't win, i hope he's wrong.
2	bernie sanders to meet with black caucus thursday, meeting with ag today via politic365 feelthebern
2	bernie sanders will be discussing the major issues this sunday at the greensboro coliseum. doors open at 6pm. presidentialelection2016
2	i didn't get one happy birthday from you twitter last wednesday. beyonce gets a 5 million. happy birthday b!
2	y'all couldn't wait for 9/4 to make beyonce bday a "national holiday". ain't gone say sh*t monday or any other relevant day though. fools
2	nicki came from dubai today so she can perform with beyonce tomorrow. feeling myself and flawless remix.i'm not ready
2	i guess it's safe to say we'll only see beyonce's performance tomorrow in sa madeinamerica
2	once i see beyonce's blonde ass weave tonight, i'll forget who i am until tomorrow.
2	niggas mad at women for being hype for beyonce like we not gon be doin the same for future tomorrow lmaoo
2	you know you washed when you defending beyonce on instagram on a saturday night.
2	they really shoulda had the weeknd close tonight and beyonce tomorrow. we know his album just dropped but you can't top the queen
2	i wasn't even lit anymore by the time beyonce came on. gotta do better tomorrow lol
2	how in the heck am i expected to go to class tomorrow, or even live, after beyonce has just killed me like this??????
2	dinahjane97 dinah, taylor just followed beyonce on twitter and wednesday she will perform in houston.... bye
2	it's only just dawning on me that mitchljames wont be on the bus to sing beyonce with me tomorrow and that is heartbreaking
2	i was really upset on friday night and i laid my head on my 'friends' lap he hugged me then began to sing 3 little birds by bob marley
2	i will never refer to the 24th st park as bob marley "one love" park
2	radiolab971fm just back from doing a car boot . bring the sun back with some bob marley.
2	"open your eyes, look within. are you satisfied with the life you're living?" --bob marley tuesday schedule...
2	my last post talked about listening to bob marley on a thursday. this thursday i'm dealing with a house on fire. multi-skilled
2	last chance for you to book in for our bob marley showtime tomorrow night! fizz on arrival and a four course meal...
2	rmt is playing bob marley and the wailers - sun is shining [listeners: 1/100] [requests are: on]
2	bob marley, ambush in the night. artists and politics. on 3 december 1976, bob marley, his wife, and manager don...
2	'they say the sun shines for all,but in some people world, it never shine at all' bob marley.
2	dakotaracobs next monday i'm gonna have a bob marley sticker just to fuck with her
2	yet it's never the right time to talk gun control. right, bobby jindal?
2	go4gin dennismeadors springsteps jacdijane the other picture is bobby jindal or nikki haley or an anchor/tourist baby/14th amendment
2	louisiana's republican governor, bobby jindal, told fox and friends friday morning that he's suspending his...
2	bobby jindal's executive order on the westboro baptist church troubles aclu k so aclu will get on a tro by tomorrow?
2	louisiana gov. bobby jindal spoke from just outside a lafayette movie theater after a deadly shooting took place there thursday, saying he
2	amira_education have you heard of bobby jindal? 1st indian american governor of louisiana, usa. doesn't identify as 'indian'.
2	bobby jindal and i may not agree on much but it was wonderful to have him join us on outnumberedfnc and i stumped him on brady bunch trivia
2	rickperry mired in tie for 11th with dynamic bobby jindal in new quinnipiac poll. his trump gambit did zero for rick
2	mass mayor puts jindal on blast - bobby jindal may not make the first republican primary debate, but he has found ...
2	johnfugelsang grneyedmandy bobby jindal is just trying to score political points and get into the debate thursday
2	excited for the end of the 1st debate when ryan seacrest comes out and says, "bobby jindal, your idol journey ends here" and he cries.
2	missing the cut 4 thurs pres debate: rick perry, rick santorum, bobby jindal, carly fiorina, lindsey graham, jim gilmore and george pataki.
2	bad news for the rick perry and bobby jindal campaigns .
2	fox news' has announced their selections for the 1st gop debate. rick santorum, rick perry, bobby jindal, carly...
2	what donald trump said about bobby jindal's debate performance: i may want to check his green card.
2	personally thought bobby jindal won that debate, with carly fiorina as a close 2nd
2	foxnewsinsider carlyfiorina she won impressively with bobby jindal 2nd.
2	bobby jindal and rick perry make top in facebook chatter know it all thursday s top stories at nbc news
2	our gov: bobby jindal is the smartest republican among all! mr.jindal is the re-incarnation of robert kennedy! fear
2	the super pac backing gov. bobby jindal, who was relegated to the second-tier debate panel on thursday in cleveland, will broadcast an ad
2	gop candidates rick perry, bobby jindal at the spoke sunday at the black hawk county gop dinner. iacaucus
2	hillary clinton is one email away from jail: bobby jindal - washington, aug 12 : as hillary clinton turned over he...
2	bobby jindal has no chance of winning the nomination.
2	listen and learn with bobby jindal at ottumwa republican office monday august 24 at 12:00 light lunch also.
2	jindal calls for harsh penalties against sanctuary cities - louisiana gov. bobby jindal on saturday called for the...
2	on august 3rd, bobby jindal cancelled his state's contract with planned parenthood. the people, under satanic...
2	does that make bobby jindal the 2nd candidate to be a parody of himself?
2	bobby jindal may be the 1st candidate ever to run for president for basically 5 yrs &amp; be at 0 % in the polls down from a round up 1%
2	bobby jindal: 'i'm the only candidate that has actually reduced the size of government'
2	i am the best candidate: indian-american bobby jindal: washington: notwithstanding his 13th rank among 17 pre...
2	meet and greet with congressman rod blum &amp; governor bobby jindal: bobby jindal: thursday, septem... via afsc_org
2	realistically, imagine being bobby jindal and suddenly doing really well in the polls and jumping from 13th to like 9th place. victory?
2	washington -- gop presidential hopeful and louisiana gov. bobby jindal suggested on sunday that to stem illegal immigration, the solution
2	marriner's reffing the chelsea game then? be more cards than clintons dished out saturday!
2	this saturday will be a big day for all blue games. ub at penn state with potential for upset. chelsea playing their farm team everton.
2	you just know we'll either be superb an have a proper worldy against chelsea on saturday or get absolutely webbed.
2	can't believe chelsea's 16 on thursday and she still looks about 10 chelseafriel_
2	the same dj every week doing mr brightside followed by chelsea dagger followed by when the sun goes down doesn't do it for me anymore.
2	trying to find a address on chelsea chinenye oguejiofor she move to boston ma. july 26 2015 from africa on a visa?
2	not going to as it is not seeing jamie, kyle and nic saturday probably not see chelsea saturday shitty weekend that ended with breaking
2	fletcher7c chelsea9d chelsea goes to school tomorrow, you ask to wear sweats.. i go to school and i get an insta post.. you do the math
2	as much as i may hate chelsea most of the time, she makes me want to do so many rebellious things.
2	stevewraith lee_ryder don't suppose you know if the chelsea game will change times or dates due to chelsea playing cl on a tuesday??
2	nufc is there a chance of the chelsea game will change dates to the friday? just that chelsea haven't received there tickers yet?
2	chelsea ready january bid for star with price tag in excess o... |
2	i wish chelsea went to lakeland. picture day is tomorrow. she'd have more time to prepare.
2	"fiorentina have reportedly opened talks with chelsea over taking the 20yr old kurt zuoma on loan in january."
2	we will see how well stones does saturday lunch time against chelsea, or will he jump over a ball for a goal?
2	the finale of made in chelsea is next monday and i haven't seen any of it. result
2	danielworkup being physical is mourinho's 1st asset he values,before skill. did u hear chelsea tried to sign martial?buying players so othe
2	hiwirebrewing will you guys be open for the 7:45am arsenal v chelsea game on the 19th? i'll bring breakfast!
2	listen: .kwamekizito explains the reason behind the team's wastefulness last sunday against berekum chelsea ahosc
2	huskerpower66 kaylasea_ you play chelsea saturday. it's unlikely he'll play today.
2	chelsea &amp; i are making a list entitled "sh*t you hear on gt's campus" and we just heard our 1st item
2	lessthanjake__ too bad he's at chelsea and may not get enough play time. an italian or french team needs to get that boy.
2	eden hazard has claimed the reason chelsea may be finding life difficult in the premier league this season is...
2	afcdarwen1 are you likely to be showing the everton v chelsea game in the club before the game on sat? if not any local pubs showing it?
2	chelsea_hq i wish chelsea sign lucas leiva and american national team player jones in the january transfer window.
2	[latestnews] funes mori could make everton debut against chelsea - martinez: sept 9 (reuters) - ramiro funes ...
2	me saturday league match or the chelsea game decisions...
2	dj khaled // hold you down ft. chris brown, august alsina, future, jeremih
2	refinery29 re: the dude from 7th heaven &amp; woody allen. last time i checked, r kelly and chris brown still thriving
2	after a cp first down chris brown is sacked 2nd and 12 for the mustangs
2	you're playing the same venue that chris brown did tomorrow how do you feel? calum5sos
2	my siblings went to the chris brown concert tonight i'm already mad i didn't go plus august alsina showed up.. they lost a sister tonight
2	who wants to go see chris brown with me on wednesday??? it's only 40 doll hairs
2	who wants to go with me to a chris brown, kid ink, omarion concert this thursday? i have tickets
2	does anyone want a chris brown ticket bc it's on a thursday and nobody will come thru
2	chris brown was supposed to make an appearance saturday night at a nightclub event for atlanta black gay pride...
2	watch out chris brown! karrueche tran may have a new love interest. find out who we hear she's been getting close...
2	may no woman hook me the way karrueche has hooked chris brown in jesus name.
2	i hope mrs.tomasi know i won't be at the play practice thursday because of the chris brown concert . sorry not sorry .
2	our director chris brown is live on radiosaltire scotland today from 12pm talking about stayalive app, on its 1st bday, over 6k dwnloads
2	i have a math test and a speech on thursday but then i get to see chris brown with jezebel so there's that good/bad situation
2	if i'm not at the chris brown concert next tuesday i'm gonna be really really upset and i'm gonna blame george lol
2	who's going to see chris brown tomorrow?
2	jadebiggavel that'll be the last time chris brown dances to march madness
2	on jimmykimmellive wcvb at 11:35pm, emily blunt, u.s. air force airman 1st class spencer stone, rita ora with chris brown perform kimmel
2	my mom is going to the chris brown concert tomorrow.....
2	cops are closing in on the guys who robbed chris brown's home in july and it appears they have gang affiliations.
2	i don't give a fuck about mma but conor mcgregor is irish and plus he sat next to me at nandos once soooo
2	mma: conor mcgregor recovers from a number of takedowns, stuns chad mendes with big left hand late 2nd round
2	did you know a conor mcgregor 2nd-round ko was worth 5/1 odds? read more at ufc189
2	just me who thought conor mcgregor may not have fully answered the wrestler question last night?! he was taken down at will to be fair?!
2	any funny business from luke neale at lunch tomorrow and he's getting chinned conor mcgregor style
2	never mind about conor mcgregor it's wwe battleground next sunday night live fm104 wardyfm104
2	conor mcgregor and urijah faber will be the next coaches for the ultimate fighter reality show. september 9th.
2	conor mcgregor on the front pages of irish papers. this sort of stuff is still surreal.
2	conor mcgregor and team europe vs. urijah faber and team america in the new season of tuf. features 155lbs fighters and debuts wed sept 9th.
2	so uriah faber, not frankie edgar or jose aldo, will get the 1st crack at conor mcgregor. is it me or are they just building him up.
2	conor mcgregor will be serenaded into the octagon by sinead o'connor on saturday night. the dubliner takes on chad mendes for the ufc's
2	sheamus was the 1st wwe champion from neither us nor canada.conor mcgregor is 1st ufc champion from uk or ireland. irish men are tough.
2	"conor mcgregor" was searched more than 1m times on google saturday. the most searched term for day. that's in line with rousey at ufc 184.
2	conor mcgregor's reaction to swirling jose aldo injury news: "see you all on july 11th" mma
2	danawhite lorenzofb c'mon, feed conor mcgregor to frankieedgar. mcgregor talked his way into a title shot, frankie earned it.
2	strong rumours that conor mcgregor will fight jose aldo on the 5th of december in texas mcgregor aldo ufc conormcgregorvjosealdo
2	in the ufc game conor mcgregor is the 2nd weakest in his weight class but guess who is champion now?
2	.ufc fans: we're talking to conor mcgregor thenotoriousmma tomorrow - what do you wanna know?
2	can't wait for korn suicidesilence in october. hopefully i run into dankenny so i can bust his balls about conor mcgregor.
2	conor mcgregor may be the most absurd person out there. with that being said, he's da real mvp.
2	dana white wants a mega ufc card in december with ronda rousey and conor mcgregor
2	will ronda rousey, conor mcgregor fight on the same card in december? via thefullmount
2	dana white confirms the featherweight title fight between jose aldo junior and conor mcgregor is set for ufc 194 on dec. 12 in las vegas.
2	going to the conor mcgregor vs jose aldo ufc fight on december 12, who wants to go??
2	conor mcgregor - ufc 194 packages to las vegas this december any day, any duration now available! call our...
2	conor mcgregor is done with the vision once he defeats jose aldo junior but may grant frankie "the answer" edgar...
2	he ran from the featherweight division, has dustin poirier ran off the stage yet now conor mcgregor is sat just feet away from him?
2	jduggantodayfm surprised conor mcgregor isn't togging out for dublin tomorrow. get away with more in croker, then in the octagon
2	breaking via dave hyde of the sun sentinel: david beckham's proposed mls group and the city of miami agree to...
2	celebritynamega so this is the 4th person on this show that i have seen in commercials. felisha is the sprint girl with david beckham.
2	watching the lookalikes teaser on sunday brunch am i the only one who think the david beckham lookalike is definitely not a lookalike?
2	chrisadorno2 barely getting to know the show basically, tomorrow is the first night live. i think tomorrow kellie pickler or david beckham
2	do you like david beckham's tattoo in honor of our treble 99? by the way, tomorrow we're playing fc barcelona,...
2	cool tweet. im not ready for the david beckham cameo in this flick.
2	david beckham slams the daily mail over parenting criticism and more celeb news you may have missed - starbuzz
2	david beckham and gordon ramsay were spotted attending a major league soccer match between la galaxy and the seattle sounders on sunday.
2	not surprised david beckham is 2nd highest earning former athlete, every country in the world i go to his fucking balls are in my face
2	there was always one little gobshite pretty boy that minced about thinking he was david beckham on every sunday league team i swear
2	every male celeb under the sun: please stop doing underwear adverts! no one cares! you're just some random, not david beckham!
2	jon_townsend3 i liked the 4th sentence about the "la galaxy where david beckham was put out to grass..."
2	starting to make david beckham and james bond look uncool.
2	it was my first day on the job and i may or may not have served david beckham coffee.
2	so david beckham may or may not be in a cameo role. he is not. but if notoriace acts up, our editor is at the ready.
2	thursday's gossip column: man utd want to keep david de gea, david beckham backs ryan giggs, victor ... football
2	liam payne or david beckham the world may never know
2	david beckham may play bond? absolutely not. couldn't bear the thought. elba is the man for that role, beckham should be nowhere near it.
2	david beckham's son romeo beckham leads out england team for his 13th birthday: when the word "beckham" is a p...
2	david beckham's son romeo leads out england with wayne rooney for 13th birthday via indosport
2	from sunday: 'andy burnham tells david cameron to accept quotas of calais migrants to help with his eu renegotiation'
2	david cameron has flunked it. he now needs to act swiftly, decisively + demonstrate true leadership refugeeswelcome
2	agree with juliahb1 &amp; david cameron. rehoming migrants may help our morals but it doesn't fight the cause of problem
2	sat here in actual tears this country needs to do something about these refugees. it's everyone's problems. david cameron needs to act!
2	david cameron | cut from the same cloth as tony blair &amp; styled by thatcherism refugeecrisis
2	tatler sent a photographer to david cameron's wedding and have just uploaded the pics to the internet for some reason
2	cameron can solve the refugee 'problem' easily - here's how: a compromise may be possible for david cameron in...
2	either david cameron {or marx said} "those are my principles &amp; if you don't like them; well, i have others."
2	david cameron wakes. checks mail &amp; sun front pgs "damn!" rubs out 'swarm' from speech &amp; replaces it with 'desperate people who need help'.
2	david cameron and theresa may get your heads out of the sand these people are fleeing for their lives and they try to come here to be safe
2	david cameron's appointment of 45 new peers may be intended to undermine the authority of ukhouseoflords -
2	ladfleg gingersnipss ukip gordon brown and david cameron have said exactly the same thing. also 'hideous bigots'?
2	robert fisk thursday 3 september 2015 refugee crisis: david cameron lowered the flag for the dead king of...
2	british council chiefs want more public srvcs resources from david cameron for more refugees cdnpoli refugeecrisis
2	just found out that david cameron is related to the queen. apparently he is her 5th cousin, twice removed. did anyone else know this?
2	wow, just wow! david cameron must have experienced a lucid moment.
2	cable describes david cameron as pretty hands-off and predicts george_osborne will become the next prime minister.
2	this, from chrisriddell50, says it all re david cameron's heartlessness. refugeeswelcome
2	"david cameron and home secretary theresa may want nothing to do with the scheme and have absented..."
2	in watching david miliband on the sunday shows, one re-realizes that the wrong miliband ran against david cameron.
2	david cameron is due to make his commons statement about the migration crisis at 3.30pm. davidcameron
2	david cameron has just confirmed to the house of commons that ukgov took unilateral military action in syria on 21 august.
2	british prime minister david cameron pledged on monday to take in up to 20,000 syrian refugees over the next five...
2	the best part about this story is that david cameron justified the attack as self-defense.
2	if the cardiff boy was planning to attack the queen on aug 15, it's a bit harsh of david cameron to kill him on aug21
2	david cameron plays the numbers game via instapaper
2	can anyone imagine someone other than david cameron representing us on the world stage in these troubled times?
2	as you may know i'm no lover of david cameron, however his decision to authorise drone attacks to kill british terrorists was spoton
2	the sun again says it provided the intelligence for david cameron's drone strikes. background:
2	"all presidents of american except one are or have been related to the monarchy. david cameron is her 5th cousin...
2	david cameron says that there 'may well be case' for isc to scrutinise drone strikes, but it will not be able to look at current operations
2	david cameron mp, rt hon theresa may mp, boris johnson: little yousef needs you to help - sign the ...
2	digi is tomorrow so i'm gonna try to have my mom take me to cleveland so i can wait outside the venue bc i don't have tickets :)
2	really want to go to digi tomorrow but really can't be arsed with how much of a physco i turn into after one vodka
2	sammywilk yo, ugly are you ready for digi tomorrow?
2	thetimmyconnors have a separate meet up tomorrow w/ everyone while youre still down here, i'm dying to meet you but i can't go to digi
2	i could be going to digi tomorrow but i thought i was supposed to be seeing the girls but they cancelled lmao
2	green environment five fascinating facts that you may not know about sea turtles - digi... wild planet earth
2	when digi tour leaves you cause you don't know what 'no' means
2	ajalilms it's our authorized digi specialized store at tesco puchong. you may check with them as well. however, ...
2	digi with the girls is going to be a disaster tomorrow i can feel the crying already
2	if digi isn't the same as last monday am ganna be so unhappy
2	idk if imma survive not tweeting digi tomorrow because a lot of people aren't even tweeting them unless i make them.....
2	abarthdriverfrom your own digi number, you may try one of these method : dial [+] 6016 121 followed by your 7 d...
2	affirmative on the hulkbuster dragonsfan1988 !!! digi's a just a tad excited...
2	marnielarkin r u going to digi tomorrow
2	basedesplnosa i don't think matt is doing anything with digi for hou/dallas i may be wrong
2	why do i have to go down to leeds tomorrow to do some intel training when i could just go to digi and have 1 or maybe 10/15 vodkas
2	mydigi hi digi, may i know what are the difference for 0 contract and 12 months contract for plan only?
2	boonie bush safari outdoor fishing hiking hunting boating snap brim hat sun cap with neck flap (digi - $12.9
2	anyone fancy 5 tickets for nervo at digi on sunday? willing to reduce the price
2	moleysm garethwiddop - not as far as digi knows - would tell people if it was catching up with our high performance mgr tomorrow redv
2	yourboymyles my grandma is going to digi with me on sunday pls don't hit on her bc she's hekka fine
2	when 5quad is on digi's sc tomorrow but you break your phone...
2	grant liked my pic about not being able to go to digi tomorrow :( sad sad sad because i miss him
2	who's going to digi fest tomorrow and wants to hang out??
2	so confused to why the digi line up for tomorrow says reed deming
2	you may not have known this, but disneyland is home to a ton of cats that just live there. you see them lurking around sometimes.
2	last day on our disney premier annual passes. gonna get different aps tomorrow. the premier ap is too much hassle when we go to disneyland.
2	i remember this one weekend i had seen fat nick n pouya on friday, disneyland on saturday and the beach w my friends on sunday, lit
2	am catching a cold, leaving to disneyland on the 9th
2	taffycicadas he's their 3rd wheel they went to disneyland on a date and machimiya heard that they were going and invited himself
2	any body want to meet up at disneyland tomorrow around 4ish-5ish when i get off of work?
2	i think i'm starting to get sick &amp; it's not okay because i'm going to disneyland tomorrow )-:
2	_xioxio are you still going to disneyland tomorrow?
2	saturday i'm just gonna walk into disneyland and then walk right back out.
2	trying to book flights from vancouver to disneyland in november. can anyone help with that? best rates? best airline? 2 adults/2 kids
2	republican presidential front-runner donald trump spent plenty of time thursday describing people he likes -- including kanye west and tom
2	ap donald trump is a heavy weight. if he ever fell, it will be a big, tsunami fall. i am afraid he may bulldoze through. biafra
2	quote of the day (superb sunday) "as long as you're going to be thinking anyway, think big." -- donald trump,...
2	quite sure donald trump has really good security that he pays for right now.
2	mac_fit13 he won't like donald trump calling him a 3rd rater. i think he's trying to elevate his profile.
2	arc4freedom donald trump said the same thing about the tax rate. fact check said he was a liar "pant of fire"
2	how donald trump may make ted cruz president via examinercom
2	greta please back ted cruz and donald trump protest at white house on wednesday however possible they can't stop it alone we have help them
2	donald trump says if you're from syria and a christian, you can't come to the u.s. as a refugee via politifact
2	neither abc,nbc nor foxnewssunday had one panelist favoring the ky clerk or donald trump on sunday!.
2	donald trump pledges 2 forgo a 3rd- party run. while chris christie pledges never 2 run let alone jog as he sometimes forgets his nebulizer.
2	it was a jab at donald trump, but they both have a d, an n, an a and an r in their names so i get the nyt confusion.
2	cnnpolitics realdonaldtrump the way they are chessing donald trump you would have thought that to race was tomorrow.
2	does donald trump know they do tours of the white house? with like people and stuff? people that may or may not have washed their hands?
2	topic: donald trump question: will this be the 3rd question you answer? princessvictoriatakesover lohanthony 2
2	meet the chicago millennials who started a donald trump super pac | chicago magazine | makeamericagreatagain
2	donald trump is for real: five things we've learned about the 2016 election:
2	it's time to discuss who donald trump may pick as his vp runningmate. he's been the leader for two straight months.
2	weird news - pictures of the day: 7 september 2015: donald trump street art, the cascamorras festival and 6,77...
2	foxandfriends is donald trump still coming on the show monday mornings? i didn't see him today. i always started my week watching him.
2	so what if donald trump is right on some things? like the old saying goes "the sun will shine on a dog's ass, occasionally." ;-)
2	i'm going to protest that lame donald trump on the 15th...so stoked.
2	the urgent need for campaign reform may be the only common ground lefties like me have with donald trump. politico
2	new york times columnist paul krugman wrote in a monday column that although he believes donald trump's positions...
2	donald trump is coming to dallas next monday. just wanted to put that out there..
2	odds on donald trump becoming next us president and jeremy corbyn becoming next uk pm now just 54/1 with willhillbet - 500/1 in july
2	if donald trump expects to keep his lead he may want to head on down to kentucky and stand behind kim davis. i...
2	refugees from syria may form the next wave of immigrants to the us, so donald trump probably wants to build a wall between the us and syria.
2	and remember: donald trump said recently he supports affirmative action.
2	republican hopeful carly fiorina said monday that she feels like the only candidate going after hillary clinton and asked why donald trump
2	donald trump may "say it like it is" but what is the likelihood that he would have a cooperative congress, caller? cspanwj
2	"republican front-runner donald trump said friday he would consider allowing the u.s. to accept some of the displaced refugees." cuck.
2	tomorrow, presidential candidates ted cruz and donald trump are heading up a rally in our nation's capital opposing the obama-iran deal.
2	erdogan called on tuesday for parliament to lift the immunity from prosecution of lawmakers from the kurdish party
2	erdogan was due to meet with chinese president xi jinping on wednesday afternoon following a formal welcoming ceremony.
2	from tonight's cctv 7pm news report it sounds like erdogan may have gotten a bit of a lecture from xi &amp; pals today
2	erdogan to hold talks with nawaz during stopover nawazsharif rt_erdogan pakturkties pmln
2	us deal with turkey over isis may go beyond simple use of an airbase erdogan arms isis&amp;nato allows it!
2	excellent, on how erdogan's decision to attack the pkk may drive it and the pyd towards iran via foreignaffairs
2	here come the new elections in turkey where erdogan may win big this time
2	erdogan may see possibilities in the chaos as turkey heads toward fresh elections:
2	derpancho sesikar this may unrelated to erdogan: some quid-pro-quo with russia that we know nothing about.
2	not to be outdone by the neighbours, erdogan is now holding his own snap election, this time on november 1
2	so it is official but no surprise: erdogan announces turkey to go to new round of elections on november 1st.
2	erdogan says he wil call snap turkey election on nov 1 world
2	erdogan says he will call snap turkey election on nov 1
2	erdogan says he will call snap via easy_branches easybranches marketing influence news
2	november turkish snap election very linked to this (and the g20). high stakes game by erdogan
2	turkey to hold snap polls on nov 1: erdogan: turkish president recep tayyip erdogan announced friday he would ...
2	turkey's erdogan fights for his throne by battling kurds: turkey went to the polls on june 7, but a new govern...
2	ektrit todayszamancom may not have been obama. maybe the "administration" whatever that is. tells you us keeping distance from erdogan
2	turkey reuters reporting that erdogan is calling for fresh parliamentary elections on nov 1st - ahead of 0800 meeting with davutoglu tmrw.
2	sources from erdogan's office said he would meet prime minister ahmet davutoglu at 11 am (0800 gmt) on tuesday.
2	turkish supreme election board announced the date for snap elections as nov 1, same date previously declared by 'supreme leader' erdogan.
2	turkey: erdogan tasks davutoglu with interim govt - until early vote november 1. historic wait for kurdish entranc...
2	erdogan rates call counter says this was his first since april 25 and the 2nd one since he met cenbank gov. basci march 12.
2	what will happen if and when the outcome of the election is unfavorable for erdogan?
2	turkish police raid media group critical of erdogan: turkish police on tuesday staged a major swoop on the ank...
2	good timing. we *need* you there to keep an eye on erdogan...
2	less than 5 months after the last legislative elections erdogan's gamble may not solve turkey poll impasse...
2	s_t_o_p_terror annebayefsky but remember, erdogan is obama's bff. 1st foreign leader he called when elected.
2	alascanvs i think that evrything erdogan says right now in public is calibrated towrds the nov election.
2	erdogan's election gambit - provoking conflict with pkk - may backfire. turkey
2	one akp mp said on sunday that whatever the result of the upcoming snap elections will be, they will make erdogan president.
2	my iowa people, who is going to eric church on friday at the jones county fair???
2	therealpres10 titans i'm working the eric church concert the 30th no way i can make opening morning practice
2	kcoolj_11 cool_1176 bigbronso2 have you guys got ur eric church tix yet? prices go up august 1st
2	ericchurch will be the subject of a country music hall of fame cameo exhibition. 'eric church: inside the outsider' opens sept. 18.
2	anybody want tickets to eric church tomorrow night in nashville? 150 each
2	cmchatlive cq4: as much as i'd want to say the 1st julie roberts or eric church's live album, appetite by gnr is my answer. cmchat
2	selling two tickets for kenny chesney, chase rice, brantley glibert, and eric church for this saturday. hmu if you're interested
2	the great new york state fair starts on august 27 and opens with concerts by everclear, eric church and rick...
2	do you even eric church bruh???
2	my saturday night with eric church
2	skysportsnewshq the news should be federer qualifies for 8th cincinnati final. not murray knocked out.
2	my preview of the western &amp; southern open final on sunday between djokovic and federer for betfairexchange
2	djokovic looks physically better than against goffin &amp; dolgopolov, he may beat federer today; probably he played only 70-80% in previous rds
2	federer will have to serve into the sun here.
2	djokovic up 6-5 in the 1st set. federer leads djokovic in all-time tiebreaks, 11-10. tennis
2	federer will be 2nd seed at usopen if he wins this. djokovic aiming to become 1st player to win all 9 masters 1000 tournaments cincytennis
2	federer takes the opener 7-6(1) against djokovic. better player in the set &amp; winning plenty behind the 2nd serve.
2	has federer shocked murray and djokovic with his turbo-charged aggression? will they respond? new podcast tomorrow
2	you're going novak end of the year, and federer arrives
2	are they holding the davis cup semi at the us open?! andy_murray v nickkyrgios , 1st round. later: anderson, wawrinka, federer, djokovic?
2	most masters 1000 titles (27) 2nd most grand slam titles (24 tied with sampras after federer's 17)
2	just got to watch federer win 4 consecutive points to get the decisive break in the 3rd set before mom snatched the remote citing god!
2	5 time usopen champion federer defeats 29th seed kohlschreiber and he's through to the last 16 to play 13th seed isner or vesely! usopen
2	federer is through to his 15th straight 4th round at the us open. he's 8-4 with two other wins by walkover.
2	shriver to federer suggesting that he not use the sabr vs. isner "you want to have your 3rd set of twins i'm sure." interview ended there.
2	federer is gonna be playing in the championship on the first sunday of the nfl season. tough decisions
2	us open: federer,sania and bopanna cruise into next round: federer defeated kohlschreiber for the 10th time to...
2	federer's next match is going to be the 1st obstacle he faces on his way to the finals. his first serve needs to be on point against isner.
2	survey: federer has ostensibly the toughest 4th round match, but is there a tougher one? does isner win a set? does rba?
2	john_mcenroe which men's match do you think they will play on the wednesday night slot? federer, djokovic, or murray!?
2	'sneak attack by roger' (sabr) causing errors this game for federer. may be it's isner's height usopen2015
2	in french open qf, federer didn't break serve -- 1st time in slam match in 13 years. tonight he breaks for 1st time in his last return game.
2	us open: anderson ends murray's hope, federer, wawrinka rolls on: new york, sept 8 : kevin anderson, the world...
2	pnm1979 sunny sunday, fleetwood mac, community shield...mate you've got it all wrong lol.
2	the genre-a-day for aug 04 is mellow gold with music by billy joel, don henley, fleetwood mac and more
2	free music on the bandstand at dlwp this sat. the equatorial group. 'sounding like crazy horse colliding with fleetwood mac on a dusty road'
2	[tv] 6 music live hour (bbc 6 music) tue, aug 11, 2:30 am chris hawkins presents fleetwood mac at the bbc's paris theatre in london in 197..
2	friday night. got new red lipstick. i just put it on. i have nowhere to go. lying in bed listening to fleetwood mac, w/ lipstick on. lonely
2	someone just cranked the fleetwood mac - "don't stop thinking about tomorrow." billblair kathleen_wynne
2	sebbyeatsdonuts allah las, fleetwood mac,the clash, joy division, beach house, beach fossils, tomorrow's tulips, mystic braves, tame impala
2	some days i want to blast fleetwood mac, some days i want to blast biggie and others blast taking back sunday.
2	will fleetwood mac's go your own way ever not make me wanna cry lmao it already made me sad but since march 25 it's reminded me of zayn
2	so that bitch c_sumtimes gave me a show wednesday! come to rumours on ice (not figure skating fleetwood mac) for the amazing show!
2	corey continues his journey in everybodysgonetotherapture, and there may be some fleetwood mac in the...
2	thebluetook here's the link - i am the 4th poem down (it's only short!!) called 'songbird' - about fleetwood mac
2	"listen to the wind blow, watch the sun rise." fleetwood mac - the chain [studio version] via youtube
2	hmm, i also stopped thinking about tomorrow. don't tell fleetwood mac.
2	i listen to fleetwood mac so much i think it may be unhealthy
2	it's september 7th and it looks like my attempt to make fleetwood mac "everywhere" the songofthesummer has been a failure
2	the uncut ultimate music guide dedicated to fleetwood mac (on sale in the uk on thursday sept 10 read more at...
2	still on my first beer. fleetwood mac are talking directly to me through the wall speakers. not an auspicious start to my wednesday evening.
2	ixogat galaxy note 4, ipoop 6, moto x 2nd gen... i'm upgrading to the nexus 6
2	samsung's galaxy note 5 may not come with auto-ejectable s pen -
2	expect samsung to announce the galaxy note 5 on aug 13 for ibtimes
2	tardis doctor who the 10th doctor samsung galaxy note 3 case
2	samsung will be unveiling the galaxy note 5 on august 13th
2	samsung galaxy note 5 leaked ahead of the august 13 launch. this time it confirms no removable battery and no...
2	samsung unpacked 13 august: where to watch live stream of galaxy note 5 launch: how to watch the live video st...
2	galaxy note 5 and galaxy s6 edge+ certified in malaysia ahead of it's official launch
2	with samsungmobilesa's 2nd galaxyunpacked on today. here 5 things we want from the rumoured galaxy note 5.
2	galaxy note 5 coming tomorrow: uk release date, price, specs rumours: when is the new note 5 coming out? today...
2	samsung's galaxy note 5 may never come to the uk, but if you're a phablet fan that doesn't mean you're out of...
2	after 8 hours of headache i'm getting my galaxy note 5 tomorrow.. hopefully. but more headache later when i have to deal with the cleanup...
2	samsung has steadily improved it's galaxy note phones. with the note 5, the wheels fell off. like the 2nd half of my first season! wreckem
2	planning on finally getting my galaxy note 5 tomorrow or the next day. stay tuned for details on a periscope unboxing. it'll be fun, i swear
2	because tmobile still hasn't put a pre order button for the galaxy note 5 on the website, i'm going to a store tomorrow to pick it up.
2	rooting the at&amp;t and verizon versions of the galaxy note 5 and s6 edge+ may completely shut down your device.
2	it may not be coming to the uk, but here's what you're missing out on with the galaxy note 5:
2	camera comparison: galaxy note 5 vs iphone 6 plus - forgot password? we'll email you a reset link. if you signed up using a 3rd ...
2	going to try and install lollipop on my old galaxy note 1 later . . only really gets used as a dev test and sat nav :)
2	tests show it is easy to insert galaxy note 5's s pen backwards; doing so may damage device's stylus detection mec...
2	may be it's time to say good bye to galaxy note edge ;)
2	samsung launches galaxy note 5 phablet: samsung on monday launched its next phablet - the galaxy note... 4g lte
2	we may have just reached peak sisi - "egyptian state tv uses the game of thrones song to show off the new suez canal"
2	i saw this during the 1st season of game of thrones, so it's not technically their 1st kiss bb17
2	i'm now entering my 4th day without watching game of thrones, my symptoms are getting worse......
2	even nfl players have strong feelings when it comes to game of thrones spoilers, but it may not be what you mi...
2	so, i've only started watching game of thrones season 5 today. i should be done with it by monday. in between naps.
2	3 more seasons of game of thrones? c'mon! you can at least make 10 seasons...right? is that too much to ask? ok, 3 is fine.
2	markkreidler i'm one of the few who agree with you about game of thrones. i also tried the 1st season and gave up. dark doom and gloom.
2	mentioned in babylon 5 (the name of episode in 4th season) and game of thrones (4th episode, 2nd season) popculture
2	do you have to watch game of thrones from the first season or can you start watching the 5th first?
2	just spent 15 mins trying to make the iron throne from game of thrones out of jockey whips for the big clash tomorrow. fail !
2	arsenalgirl1971 just show them the last episode of game of thrones , on 2nd thoughts , don't ! lol
2	since i wont stream dr2 till friday, i might as well continue game of thrones for the time being.
2	dpjhodges i once sat next to an actor out of game of thrones on the tube. doesn't mean i'm friends with said actor.
2	why do i have to go to class tomorrow, isn't college just watching game of thrones??
2	like nathalie emmanuel is bothered she's not been asked to hollyoaks 20th anniversary when she's now in game of thrones
2	i may or may not have put a song from the game of thrones soundtrack on the playlist for the yoga class i'm teaching tonight.
2	wine drunk on a monday and watching game of thrones with my mother. what is tonight
2	peter dinklage talks game of thrones season six, and how he let his hair down ... - herald sun
2	silencedelta 2/2 we do have an option for google wallet that you may use as an alternative: ^tw
2	are you losing organic google traffic from april 21st?
2	c'mon mountroyal4u. some signage? some way finding signs? anything? how about tell google where your various bldgs are?
2	_tomcc tom in google play tomorrow day?
2	google is surprisingly unhelpful at providing the cubic oxygen intake per minute of an average adult weasel. c'mon google get it together.
2	this may be true, and it means that google is not accounting for local culture in driving patterns, a ux fail
2	tyjrae were you able to fill out the google form to register for the show on the 12th?
2	googled the snake i stepped over on the trail sunday. baby timber rattler. so time to google "snake-proof hiking boots."
2	f3thefort f3 bro from f3southwake is cooking in the fiddlenpig shindig bbq peoples choice comp w/holy smoke team sat in ft mill google it
2	i tried to google how to get rid of fruit flies and then just sat for 15 minutes imagining what the wikihow for getting rid of me would be
2	daniellestein1 have you tried any 3rd party apps or services to back up? like with your google account or cloud services? ^ace
2	yes i backup with google and dropbox.
2	the show just ended! voting is open until 7am est tomorrow! ty all!! 2 ways to vote: google "agt" and click gary!!!
2	lomeli12_ c'mon man. google. (i think about to connect to decode" kyhwana i feel silly. i just about 13% bet...
2	imperialjay angelarobschild google is a beast boo but that's the wrong angela robinson!!!! angelarobschild sept 7th jacksonville, fl
2	gopo: we broke the google. will give you new instructions tomorrow in class
2	weeklyopttrader be careful .. google did break and hold on the upside the 50ma.. will test that ma tomorrow.
2	the word "connotes" will be one of the most searched for words on google tomorrow. lateshow
2	realmichellet instagram do you have a google plus account if so may i have the link to it?
2	tomorrow google play changes how it deals w/ digital tax in norway, morocco, &amp; albania
2	google seems to think the policesupers site may be hacked?
2	fotolog "if we need more electricity google needs to approve it" he plugs sun for their power efficiency
2	m_z_harrison sounds like you may need a nightguard- google bruxism
2	normanisnachos i may or may not have searched it up on google
2	3) but, stephenathome , constantine ordered the sabbath to be changed from saturday to sunday! google "constantine 321 a.d."
2	google's new project helps you stick your solar panels where the sun shines -
2	drmatthewsweet mudlarklives ah, google has her alive on the 1st june (express interview) as does wikipedia but....
2	johnnyapps1978 may be able to find out same info with google
2	search4rr elofan1276 thepatriot143 by google, i mean the search engine, google maps, google email accounts. anything google you may have
2	the gap is closing between number one google and number two facebook on the top digital-advertising-generating companies and pandora is 6th
2	jokes aside, seeing a bunch of awful alternatives is a good way to get sold on the new google logo.
2	google results are localised so i may well only show up so high if you're in the uk.
2	our paper needs to be turned into blackboard and google by midnight on friday it needs to be less than 17 % on blackboard!!! aumrsch
2	of note: when you google "pegasus," the 1st phrase prompt is "pegasus hobbies."
2	how google may answer questions in queries with rich content results
2	friday roast - google spins google+, gives masterclass in bad blogging - i had some fun with this one :goners :)
2	8ballpool why does it feel like google+ players are 3rd world citizens? eg. no dp's for months, no response to my feedback, wtf?
2	admfromhell i think u added ur twitter id in about section of ur youtube channel or may b from google+.u helped me a while back with tasker
2	busanfan ahh okay. maybe it's more that google+ chat thing i've seen,is what i'm thinking of. main window 9/10th's full &amp; waiting ppl below
2	and google+ is probably going away....but hurrdat sure isn't. look how you've stood the test of time!!!
2	if your going to do a google+ hangout beware and watch this 1st all motovloggers!!! watch this!!!!! via youtube
2	this may seem like the end for google+ , but we have a hunch that something is on its way
2	seochat "the best place to hide a dead body isn't the 2nd page of google results...its google+" - nebobrian never true words uttered
2	4th row: google+ dead or soon about to surpass facebook in active users?
2	what do you think about google possibly buying twitter? especially after the collapse of google+? socialmedia
2	tonight is the 1st epic sketch time google+ hangout come join, draw and meet some artists. 7:30pst epicsketchtime
2	rumors getting strong google+ may be going away. if true i would certainly be sad.
2	there's one thing about the changes at google+ you may have not considered. socialmediachat
2	join colinsnodgrass in a google+ hangout at 2pm as esa_rosetta gets ultra close to the sun.
2	briceleonard they're working fine on my part. it may have to do with the weening off of google+
2	malamax_com it's a worthy debate, but i'm not ready to bail on google+ just yet. check back with me tomorrow :-)
2	top story: esahangout: rosetta mission's day in the sun - google+ see more
2	prussialisa can't comment on your video, don't have a google+ account :( i'm on the 2nd year for my masters in theoretical particle physics
2	google+ hang out to answer questions about the 6th idaho hang on 12:00 eastern aka 9:00am west coast, on thursday the 20th mesg for details.
2	theeaglesbeak hey, reckon you'll be free for this tomorrow still? google+ around 9pm (or earlier if you're back from the game and free).
2	toppskick hi, i would like to sign in with my 2nd google+ acount, but i was told to contact you, as my 1st acount is currently in use, ?
2	if you are interested in my next google+ for business workshop 10 september derby,direct message me for details and a chat lichfieldlocal
2	shaanvp i have the tedmed annual conf on my google+ page in nov. do you want them on blab?
2	write a review on google+ for hires dental care between today and august 28 and you'll be entered to win a $50...
2	raymitheminx it may have been sent through google+
2	new changes to microsoft service agreement may mean less privacy. learn some of the changes to windows 10 on our facebook or google+
2	hey apologist215 a few questions/follow up from yesterday. 1st did you unblock my google+ account? 2nd are we on for todays pre-debate?
2	for those wondering about the amiibo giveaway, it was awarded but not yet claimed. new draw tomorrow if google+ user doesn't claim.
2	in this morning's google hangout on google+, john mueller said at the 18:30 mark that google may not give https...
2	"bill, a few google+ posts you may enjoy" [nods] [sets iphone on fire]
2	google+ may not be all it's cracked up to be but we promise if you follow us we'll follow back
2	haven't logged in to google+ since last sunday and i'm almost hesitant to do so now... what do you think, is it worth it? ;-)
2	seeing a google+ button on cnn for the 1st time.
2	google+ sending me an email with "a few posts you may have missed"...bless
2	i just googled something and the 10th result was my google+ post from almost 3 years ago~
2	tuesday's q&amp;a: should you still spend time on google+ today? join the super gnomies for this &amp; more! 3:30pm pst:
2	we meet every thursday to answer the questions asked on the seo questions community on google+
2	i've went over this already joecienkowski i'll set up a google+ hangout which is a live feed to youtube. i'll send you the invite sunday.
2	i've a livestream on google+ this saturday, if you're interested, tweet below.
2	i may be going to hell in a bucket, baby, but at least i'm enjoying the ride. - grateful dead, hell in a bucket
2	event tomorrow thebsidedenver: bluegrass brunch with the dead string band, playing the music of the grateful dead
2	anybody interested in bears picnic festival? grateful dead tribute festival in pa id only be going sat-sun $80 aug 8 and 9th
2	the summer jam at watkins glen was scheduled for saturday, july 28th 1973. the grateful dead, the band, the...
2	i just bought: '30 trips around the sun the definitive live story (1965-1995)' ~ grateful dead via amazonuk
2	check it out saturday - grateful dead songs, wine paired via mydelmarvanow
2	the alliances within the grateful dead shift around more often than a lunch table full of 8th grade girls. now it's everyone but phil?
2	20 years ago this sunday, jerry garcia, the musical and spiritual leader of the grateful dead, passed away at 53:
2	jerry garcia / grateful dead - cnn report from the evening of august 9, 1995 i was watching
2	"big monday" was big dud! in the words of marty robbins (too old for you youngsters) but often covered by grateful dead - el paso! lad best?
2	jazz is dead - a jazz exploration of the grateful dead comes to the music hall on friday 8/21. celebrating the...
2	soundchecking in grateful dead listening party with sunshine daydream, (dvd), veneta, oregon, aug 27 1972
2	gabbi_townsend november 5th at wells fargo with (the remaining members of) grateful dead
2	i think i may be the only person alive who prefers the grateful dead's studio albums over the live ones
2	grateful dead open 2nd set with "cold, rain and snow" via youtube
2	september 5th 1982 the grateful dead performed at glen helen regional park in devore (audio)...
2	grateful dead july 4, 2015 set one - fare thee well from the pit tripod
2	8 sep 1945: pigpen born ron mckernan, san bruno, california. the founding keyboardist of the grateful dead was...
2	maybe now you guys understand why i changed my name from save hannibal sam to hannibal killed sam on thursday night hannibalmicdrop
2	ugggggggh i want to watch hannibal finale but i am too tired. perhaps when i get up tomorrow i will
2	i'm just sat here crying over the last episode of hannibal bye
2	i would've preferred that episode 4 of hannibal season 3 was the 2nd episode of it. would've been better to check on everyone earlier.
2	this has also been the 1st episode of hannibal that had no tension, action or killing at all. also, almost no (new) hannibal lecter scenes.
2	on saturday night, the season - possibly series - finale of hannibal aired on nbc. grantland's alex pappademas,...
2	i met em and blaine through hannibal. i may have my issues with the show but i'm modest enough to respect that.
2	natalehb unfortunatly irl i don't know anyone who watches hannibal with me so i'm really looking forward to saturday :-)
2	_grumpycoconut monster is an anime. hannibal is a live action nbc show. it just finished its 3rd season.
2	phoenixempathy - he crosses his legs once he was sat. hannibal raises an eyebrow upon hearing the teasing tone of the other's voice, he -
2	kristen bell for clarice starling on hannibal in the imaginary 4th season that will never exist.
2	sickrage: download finished: hannibal - 3x10 - and the woman clothed in sun - 1080p web-dl
2	my mum just asked me what we're supposed to watch now on thursday nights since hannibal is over ;a;
2	help help it is thursday and my brain is saying hey remember back when an episode of hannibal would be airing in 2 hours in canada
2	brianperniceday lecafedufacade so used to watching hannibal on saturday i am shocked i am going clubbing. hannibal fannibalsarentdone
2	frygtcanophilis hannibal was still in the room sat on the chair reading
2	let's be honest, hannibal may be many things but he's not a rapist which disgusts me more than killing, cannibalism &amp; everything else.
2	sanecanophilis -- tomorrow." hannibal squeezed half the contents across his lover's burning cheeks.
2	frygtcanophilis hannibal removes his hand from your forehead, will's temperature was back again. he sat down beside the younger man -
2	theericgoldman seriously, when people lament they didn't take the 1st possible deal for hannibal, i tell them go watch lost in la mancha.
2	frompillow but idk when i'm gonna get around to hannibal and i know wonderfalls is just a season, so i may just tide myself over with that
2	several of hnb's staff will be serving at the early bird kiwanis pork dinner this friday the 11th, 11-6 pm at y's men pavilion in hannibal.
2	lots of crime action in hannibal the past two days... check it out in tomorrow's hannibalcourier
2	jerry vance may no longer be a conservative candidate but maybe harper can name him to the senate. elxn42
2	unpopular opinion: harper is right to think nats fans ditching in the 7th inning was brutal. no sure he was right to say it though.
2	harper's worst offense against refugees may be climate record as rising temperatures add to chaos in the middle east
2	adamrubinespn harvey thanks you for this scene harper. takes the attention off him to pitch tomorrow lol.
2	i stand with harper on this. you shouldn't be leaving in the 7th on what essentially is a playoff game. it's not like the game went
2	there's only one minister in harper's pantheon, and he's 100% prime... (may contain antibiotics, hgh, gmo...)
2	now that he's in 3rd place in polls, harper unveils inspiring new slogan: "i'm not perfect." circling the drain time. elxn42 cdnpoli
2	harper,s high standards for candidate selection, dauphin swan river mp running for the 3rd time un nominated, stamped by harper
2	gublernation "harper" looks tired. do you ever sleep? then again, i should be too. i have to get up early tomorrow.
2	jenditchburn it's happened. harper may try again. what said last night won't matter, it's cling 2 power by whatever means or pogey. elxn42
2	jenditchburn harper's a 1 trick pony. throwing $ from a helicopter doesn't make up for clear lack of cpc vision. 3rd place &amp; dropping.
2	new cpc ad: harper may not be perfect, respectful, reliable, accountable, truthful, but... wait where were we going with this? elxn42
2	wrighthfx ndp_hq you may have principles but lack reality. liberal far out perform harper &amp; mulroney's record. too bad
2	lynn_carleton the consortium too. i wanted harper's hand to be forced &amp; w/ 3rd in polls, he'd have no choice. mulcair let him off the hook.
2	"harper spoke tuesday on how the cons will balance their security concerns with more refugees into canada". instigating hate cdnpoli
2	super girls:dillion harper gets kinky with april oneil in saphic massage bigtits
2	adamrubinespn i'm happy to see the nats sat zimmerman over harper...harvey owns harper mets
2	mulcair, harper and trudeau still in close race after campaign's 1st phase. leaders considering time-sharing the country.
2	harper may be right, it's pretty empty in nationals park tonight. nats mets
2	due up for nats in the bottom of the 5th: werth (0-2, .225) rendon (2-2, .268) harper (0-2, .334)
2	thomasmulcair thomas, you must use this against harper even if it did come from ignatieff.
2	dcsportsbog harper misspoke yesterday. the brutality in the 7th was on the field. same as tonight. nats
2	he's bunting!? that leaves 1st open to walk harper and set up the dp
2	harper walks. nats now have two men on with one out. escobar will bat next. still 8-7 mets in the bottom of the 9th.
2	looks like harper left in the 7th two days ago. nats splatitude firemattwilliams
2	do mets walk harper if rendon gets bunt down? is matt williams under the weather? pap in 8th facing bottom of order? left storen out 2 dry
2	harper doesn't want to see you leave unless you're stretchered off. brutal
2	sbnationmlb sbnation the idea that the mets would have walked harper if it was 1st/2nd no outs in lunacy.
2	i wonder if this kind of heckling will happen tomorrow when harper holds events in pei? what say you, islanders?
2	does anyone know where harper will be appearing tomorrow on pei? charlottetown? summerside? the coward is keeping it secret again.
2	i think the ndp may have made an error being to focussed on harper and forgetting about trudeau who is now leading in the polls.
2	fynn's 9th birthday is coming up, would it be too early to buy him the first harry potter book???
2	just getting a feel here... who here is planning on getting one of the harry potter themed items tomorrow? - nick iii
2	i now have to read the 4th harry potter for english and my one homework assignment is watch the two towers
2	j.k. rowling wrote the final chapter of the 7th harry potter book 9 years before the 1st book was even released.
2	perfect date week would be watching all the harry potter movies. obviously the last night would be pt 1&amp;2 of 7th movie.
2	blake was upset because i spoiled harry potter for her,if you don't know already dumbledore dies. you may proceed to cry &amp; "hate me forever"
2	this is like the pictures from harry potter
2	had a lovely last day of the hols with the offspring. have seen far too much harry potter and thomas the te. school tomorrow. phew.
2	probably gonna bring my laptop to school tomorrow just to watch harry potter .. lol
2	my hw is due tomorrow. so here's some of the harry potter theme song
2	quiet monday night in watching harry potter number 6 and mentally preparing myself for the paperwork nightmare that awaits me tomorrow.
2	"there's a reason i can't watch jumanji, or the 3rd harry potter. that shit sticks with you." hard_g23
2	it would have been nice in the epilogue of harry potter if they warned me not to eat those chilli nachos last saturday
2	sorry for all the harry potter retweets i just found a great account xd i know it's not friday but ff hogwartslogics
2	careful how you set out your front page! unless famous mother of harry potter is a jihadi
2	drinking a capri sun and reading harry potter in bed realizing my life really hasn't changed in the last ten years
2	does hp stand for heather palfreyman or harry potter. the world may never know
2	"harry potter and the sorcerer's stone: the illustrated edition" will be available on october 6. pre-order your...
2	robertmclaws lol it's the new reinvented redrawn 8th intro to hillary! she's nice now!
2	isn't this like the 4th of 5th reset of hillary's campaign? "hillary clinton to show more humor &amp; heart, aides say"
2	hillary's computer tech to plead the fifth; congress may offer a deal - the new american
2	i'm going to spontaneously skip the shower. betcha my coworkers appreciate it as much as hillary's voters will.
2	we may never know cause hillary's lawyers deleted all the emails related to having ambassador stevens assassinated.
2	jimmyfallon will rescue hillary's campaign? today in this america it's very possible....
2	are you a hillary supporter in cincinnati or columbus? are you free sept 10 to wave hillary signs? i am not...
2	tuesday's reader is out: alzheimer's before 40, dwarfing stonehenge, a more human hillary and the value of college.
2	this girl is straight delusional! hillary ain't going to jail. she might visit one, but go...lolol
2	is hillary starting her campaign over again, for the 3rd time?
2	note to the 3 women who blocked me when i said hillary was boring and bernie would be soaring. you may follow me again. oops, i blocked you.
2	keep in mind, hillary's initial refusal to apologize wasn't off the cuff. it came after months of scrutiny.
2	cbsnews lgbt_activist wow!! our only way for chg, voteif for no other reason do u want hillary or donald to pick, what may b 2 scotus?
2	bradsports jaketapper the news is bad for her. ergo, it may not be presented as the most happy thing for hillary.
2	hillary: that was a mistake. i'm sorry about that." ericboehlert mmfa going to need a complete script rewrite.
2	hillary may even come up with more spontaneous email humor ----&gt; hillary clinton's 5 funniest emails
2	ianbremmer eagle_vision i'm sure hillary kept a copy of all the original emails somewhere. where is the 5th thumb-drive hillary?
2	loling at hillary apology...1st she said all of us were "confused" (a nice way of saying "stupid); now she apologizes 4 using server. greta
2	patrick_fogerty sarahpalinusa sarah palin, other women you disagree with may still be quite bright.hillary may be intelligent, just wrong.
2	hillaryclinton thefix theellenshow hillary has got 2 get it together by october cuz u know whomever d repub's nominee readyfortheshow!!
2	fast lerner: subpoenaed tech guy who worked on hillary's private server says he'll plead the 5th (sound familiar?)
2	hillary has her own mini-me? can't wait to see trump's! or has it been his hair all along? hillaryclinton uspoli
2	coming up: hillary &amp; bernie may be leading in the polls, but martinomalley is still in the race. aliciamenendez
2	i admire hillary &amp; may even vote for her. but she so doesn't sound sorry. email server
2	seanhannity realdonaldtrump hillaryclinton trump cant beat hillary that is confirmed take it from me but hillary may not get nominated
2	blisstabitha so i guess dropping in on the kardashians was just her 1st gig? the "new/fresh" hillary primed for reality tv generation!
2	i wish you mum and my family journey mercies, as you travel to kakamega to lay hillary's body to rest tomorrow,...
2	foxnews marksteynonline weshep11 ahhh so it's hillary's 1st characteristic steyn cited that must have attracted bill
2	hillary cares only about hillary. i choose to wait for a credible female to become our 1st woman president. smart women aren't desperate!
2	sarurday pat caddell demanded hillary face tough questions and male interviewers; tuesday she talks with gay ken doll david muir and cries
2	morning_joe morningmika hillary said that on sunday, to andrea mitchell what are you on a time delay?
2	i believe we may have a major security scandal with prominent people involved in the unclassified hillary server. is there a cover up ?
2	ronjohnsonwi is trying to cut the legs off tgowdysc investigation. hillary's server boy did not take the 5th under oath!
2	hillary knew what she was doing she may want u 2 think she didn't that is her sneaky way of doing things she knew exactly what she was doing
2	mook, podesta are blowing hillary's 2nd crack at wh. making the same huge mistakes as 08. need to let hrc loose. too inaccessible to staff
2	two top senate investigators offered potential immunity tuesday to bryan pagliano, the staffer who set up the email server in hillary
2	hillary urges help for syrian refugees: &lt;p&gt;hillary clinton called on the united nations wednesday to press cou...
2	ibm puts a tux on its mainframes with linuxone : mainframes may seem like dinosaurs at first glance these days..
2	ibm launches linux-only mainframe system linuxone: international business machines corp said on monday it laun...
2	registrations are open to our controller day in ibm client center brussel on september 22!
2	sales joke of the day (august 20) ibm. datadotcom connectmembers thewatercooler
2	ibm still leads. hp closing the decline gap: hewlett-packard said on thursday that its profit fell 13 percent ...
2	rational ground promoting ibm machine accessories april prevail decent the minutiae i myself fancy now circular!: twhyb
2	back from holiday, and back to work. now on my 3rd day here and it's like i was never away. recruitment in ibm never stops.
2	ibm is warning corporates to start blocking tor from their networks (aug 26) don't throw the baby out w/the bathwater
2	"manuals may play a role in early training activities, but they have limited value in the heat of battle." - louis gerstner, ibm hrtrends
2	widdowquinn don't think was originally ibm branded, but still didn't want any weird 3rd party ant-virus like stuff meddling with my os
2	want to be a part of the audience? register to attend: ibm san francisco smartcamp (september 10) or the ibm...
2	reach out if you're interested in attending ibm insight2015 oct. 25-29th
2	// apple follows ibm's marketing to the letter. will get business through hardware, software; or a new product
2	sept 17 video chat: running devops in hybrid cloud with davidlinthicum and ibm experts.
2	reason why promoting ibm machine accessories june have being scrupulous the type her exact vice pronouncement!: xtows
2	it will also be live streamed at livyourfame where viewer can directly interact with ibm . indianbizparty
2	first job i ever had was alpah trade vic cord ibm company 7th floor we sold those apps you all have now, nobody knew to buy apples? noapps
2	"ease of use may be invisible, but it's absence sure isn't" - ibm
2	cinnamon_carter reminds me day i was walked btw ibm bldgs in s.fla sun for health; hot; i past 2 guys digging a 4x8' cable trench 10' deep
2	ibm collation c4090-451 exam question - ibm certified specialist c4090-451 play around with may endorsed...
2	see more from kathy goetz on ibm's watson at the lsa conference on november 4th and 5th |
2	new: ibm executive j. bruce harreld named 21st president of uiowa over faculty concerns about his qualifications.
2	puzzle promoting ibm machine accessories november be in existence boundless the raiment superego necessaries seeing that proclamat: plhek
2	bill gates received $25,000 from ibm to write the first program for it's computer. 25th
2	sept 9 at arrow royal exchange, joint event with ibm on big data and analytics. full details link to register below.
2	register now for the exertis &amp; ibm storage systems group know your product event, thursday 10 sept exertis ireland.
2	ibm's spectrum protect named gartner's "leaders" quadrant for enterprise backup software: a leader for the 10th time
2	pretense promoting ibm machine accessories november have place sound the clobber oneself sexual desire vice plug!: udiqh
2	tomorrow's the $1.00 short pancake at ihop and i gotta be there at 7am, kms
2	oh shit, might be going to ihop tomorrow elliott gone kill me
2	jacob i'm going to ihop tomorrow what should i get
2	if i go to ihop tomorrow i'm gonna feel like i'm cheating on denny's and idk how i feel about that /:
2	ihop on friday is the only thing getting me through the week.
2	keirstinnnnn i guess our ihop trip will have to be postponed...actually i don't even work saturday so i mean we can still do it then
2	for our travels to keystone lodge this saturday, some of the brethren discussed meeting at the ihop in manteca...
2	friday post-game ihop is having their 2nd annual pancake bonanza. fans of the winning team will get a short stack for $2 or 20% off meal...
2	let's just all go to ihop after tomorrow morning
2	most likely just stay up and take someone to ihop tomorrow cuz that's the mood i'm in rn
2	docgiani pancakes at ihop with a 12 year old and commitment renewal tomorrow....sunday slug day.
2	"let's get it on" is playing at ihop right now... it's 11:30 on a sunday and everyone just left church. wtf ihop...
2	mackluvable they go to a different place for brunch every saturday. they started the tradition with ihop
2	darel from ihop, may i have some pancakes with bacon. eggs fried
2	brodyismefriend friday ams, i bring mom to ihop in shrewsbury, then across the street to trader joes. such is my life. nopersonallife
2	anyone else down for ihop with paige and i tomorrow?
2	jbach14 if i didnt have work at 9am tomorrow i really would man. bring your family to ihop tomorrow morning and illserve you
2	i'm going to ihop tomorrow.
2	23 aug 00;30 771nas rescue193 returned from tresco, ios lifted a casualty with minor injuries to rch treliske
2	ios 9 app transport security. mm need to check if my 3rd party network pod supports it
2	two dollar tuesday is here with forklift 2, quickkey for ios and suite for pages for just $1.99 today:
2	if you're not already signed up to test my ios game, nows your chance!
2	youtube gaming officially launches on web, android, ios on august 26: youtube is finally going to r... webseries
2	astrill yashan from bbc bbcchinese the vpn access on ios may be limited during china's military parade? any chance to have a chat on that?
2	clayrussell nostradamion looks interesting but i've always ended up back on ios keyboard, always glitches with ios 8/9 3rd party ones
2	huawei watch pre-order suggests android wear coming to ios: iphone owners who want to use android wear may soo...
2	speedenews: rumor: android wear will soon work with ios - android wear may be very close to working with ios. that...
2	over here in nw near 11th &amp; rhode island, if you need a lyft let me know ! download the lyft app for ios or android !
2	so today i checked my old ipod 4th gen which is on ios 6.1.6 and it can't be upgraded further and i randomly open twitter
2	alexdong a follow-on guess might be that if you are female, with an ios device, visiting the site, you may have more disposable income?
2	google expands android wear smartwatch platform to ios - google on monday rolled out android wear smartwatch harmony with ...
2	to all nintendo fans out there; i may sound crazy when i say this but kirby and the rainbow curse and/or kirby canvas curse should be on ios
2	apple hasn't ever focused on gaming, but has enjoyed incredible success with ios gaming. apple tv may focus on games:
2	timraphael215 may want to pick your brains - looking to get into ios dev myself.
2	deba1602 3rd party app on ios, does it add a keyboard or you have to type -&gt; copy -&gt; paste ? debabrata2008
2	m/t webroot: have a jailbroken ios device? you may want to reconsider.
2	google's android wear for ios confirmed incompatible with apple's healthkit: in announcing android wear for ios on monday, google not...
2	leeqvc hi lee my iphone is currently operating on ios 6do i have to put ios7 1st or can upload ios8 if so how do i go about it ?
2	rumor has it that a certain app is available on ios and it's free. android coming friday.
2	steveballin so far we've announced ios and android versions and we focus on them. this may change in the future though.
2	myersnfl may favorite one ever on ios is harbaugh, it autocorrects to garbage
2	mkbhd do u know if the moto360 2nd gen will work with ios devices??
2	thursday night on kxlu! get the kxlu889 app for ios or android at and listen!
2	flyshorts btw i &amp; others have run into a fair number of cataloguing issues with the apple music update in ios 8.4. this may be a symptom.
2	want to speed up your sharing? automate a few things from your ios device? workflow may be the solution.
2	it's quite funny to see ios developers taking advantage of the new ugmonk 6th anniversary set!
2	ppl are saying starlight stage ios will be out on the 15th bitch where
2	apple releases what the next iphones and ios will be like tomorrow
2	pedstrom not sure what you mean. continuity doesn't require a separate 3rd device (watch) for two (other) ios devices to pair and share.
2	ios developer th-bangkok: market rate: my client is the larges...
2	a survey question ahead of tomorrow's announcements: what's the right price for an 12.9-inch ipad w stylus and keyboard cover??
2	apple might want to give devs a little info on ipad pro before dropping it and ios 9.1 on the market in november. ht: apollozac
2	dennisd1971 if you are using an iphone or ipad you may not be able to view it their youtube app. try on your computer.
2	tomorrow, apple better introduce an ipad large enough for me to stand on, with an app that'll transport me wherever i want to go. if not...
2	checks 2.0 will not be submitted tomorrow, but i'll end up taking the extra time for a watch app, nc widget, ipad optimization, etc.
2	qantas hi, i've trying to contact quantas bu phone with no success since last thursday...i left an ipad in a plane, could you help me?
2	celeste_pewter i can't tell if it is working on my blog i will have to check tomorrow on the computer. i was using my ipad.
2	i still doubt apple will announce new ipad at tomorrow's event. apple might dedicate most of the keynote on new apple tv.
2	should you upgrade from adobe cs6 suite? cs6 came out before the 1st ipad mini was released, in the same month facebook bought instagram!
2	daringfireball if apple wants to sell me an ipad, they'd better announce it tomorrow
2	apple to show the iphone6s, updates to the ipad, apple tv and other products today
2	1st he smashed someone's phone now ran over an ipad he hates you all
2	darebeark alyaeldeeb12345 my memory doesnt have more space. so i cant download it :( but i'll try to download it tomorrow from ipad
2	garrettc do you think it knows that in a couple of hours it may be one step closer to obsolescence (and outpaced by a giant ipad at that)
2	just $6.99 for the hebrew crash course by friday. get survival phrases for the ipad or mac:
2	top 5 gambling apps for the ipad
2	the accounting career fair is this friday! be sure to engage with us by using kubusfair--you might win an ipad mini!
2	i wanna go find the ipad so i can watch videos and train muh pokeymanz, rip ipod d: tomorrow marks two weeks
2	if you bought an iphone today, you lost. new ones get introduced tomorrow. don't lose, win.
2	the new iphone will be announced tonight at 1am (10th sept). here's how to watch it live
2	while all eyes may be on the new iphone today, this apple product will be the most disruptive
2	apple will be hosting its next iphone reveal event on september 9 at 9am pst. you can watch a live stream of the event at gamespot's ...
2	alex gibney explains why his steve jobs documentary may cause you to put down your iphone for good (via pocket)
2	today my doctor diagnosed me with a repetitive strain injury known as "iphone thumb". may my social media use be a cautionary tale to all.
2	today's iphone 6s event: start time, where to watch the live blog and how to stream
2	talk2globe hi, may i ask what are the requirements needed for the iphone 5s under plan 999?
2	trading street: iphone change may be how you'll pay: apple's biggest update to the iphone may be how most cons...
2	with apple expected to announce details of a new iphone today, the timing may be right to sell your old smartphone.
2	prediction: i will have a status saying that i'll be buying the new iphone by tomorrow morning. i've done that...
2	martinlmnt like what else can they offer honestly? i may just get another iphone because i'm used to the os
2	humzatariq2 ithink they may introduce the iphone 6s but my cuzzo said the applewatch red and new macbook size
2	i truthfully liked my galaxy better as a phone experience but the game/app market is better on iphone.
2	my iphone wants to break... well it's about time. isn't apples event tomorrow?
2	chingucha no it'll launch with the new iphone = on next friday not even coming friday because pre-orders
2	some folks wait for next apple launch just so they can buy the new iphone. and some wait just to buy a 2nd hand two gen old cheaper model.
2	purpleraison yvonnebambrick uoft come and get a free copy tomorrow thursday at wilcox and st. george. sorry, can't fit it in the iphone.
2	tomorrow is the day when rumours about the new iphone day after is the day when rumours about the next iphone will start. waiting for that
2	you're all talking about an iphone event and i'm just sat here chatting about tinder
2	no ipod until 10th grade began... brother is still in elementary and succeeded in convincing dad he 'needs' one.
2	i may have to pull out my oldskool ipod and just blast some tupac from my tv this morning rip
2	saw an ipod nano 5th(?) gen 16gb one at the cash converter's place
2	rock(s) rider - hd edition *** please note: compatible with iphone 4s, ipad 2, ipad mini, ipod touch (5th...
2	nneoma_am my ipod is actually 6th generation . google it out
2	i hope tho hive will be fast to upload the video and audio of the performance tomorrow so i can have it on my ipod
2	in my emotions today ab the boys break, turn on my 1d ipod folder and the 1st song was "back for you". is that a sign??
2	cyrennightsong i miss my kitty.. he used to chase the sun reflection of my ipod on the wall..
2	if you found a set of headphones &amp; an ipod flystl on saturday by starbucks in terminal c, please turn them in. reward offered. american
2	my boys sharifafifi &amp; willbradnam just came on shuffle on my ipod and now i miss mulled wine nights and the 8th fold and them.
2	kanyesivan nice, smallzy retweeted me during the wild premier on thursday and i dropped my ipod whoops
2	jramstrash i have a 4th generation ipod and i cant download any new apps or update anything so i pretty much just use it for music/snapchat
2	when i do auto time on my ipod it thinks it january 24 1971
2	i wish i still had my ipod from ages ago. i had much better taste in music in the 8th grade
2	if anyone tries to text/imessage me on my ipod, just letting you know that i can't reply till thursday
2	radio free ted (my car ipod) plays the moody blues. i tell it that no, it's tuesday 11 am. afternoon is in another hour.
2	appleofficlal will the ipod 6th generation have a rear camera for the 16gb version? because the 5th gen didn't
2	knownas_diamond my ipod died . i'll text when i get a charger tomorrow . unless you wanna text an android user
2	itech911 oh i said 6th generation of the ipod nano, no reply still
2	i may need to get tweetbot for my ipod just for the mute function.
2	marc_ryder yeah bro but it's warning shot. you can't go all in on the 1st track. jay-z made that mistake and nas finished him.
2	same stage as jay-z but y'all don't wanna give props. cool. need i speak on iamjtown 's achievements? the 1st emcee to represent gh the
2	beyonce and jay-z spent $200,000 on blue ivy's 1st birthday party and i just paid for a bag of fucking monster munch with 5p coins
2	.jb17official has become the 1st footballer rocnation sports,owned by legendary rapper jay-z topfootballfacts
2	we think it's much better than kids who obsess over people like jay-z &amp; miley cyrus.
2	jay-z may bail out of tidal investment: jay-z has significantly funded the ambitious streaming platform, howev...
2	meek mill or 12 year old white boy that just discovered jay-z? the world may never know
2	1st it was "jay-z's" tidal now it's jay z is trying to part ways with tidal!! he need dashdamon to help him with these investments
2	update: mom does not appreciate jay-z. we have now moved on to bumpin old school taylor swift. nearing the 5th hour.
2	my gym is playing pmqs on the screens and bbc 1xtra over the speakers, so i get to imagine osborne and theresa may rapping along to jay-z.
2	an i will bring my ass to new york if i have to.. we going to sat that bitch off... jay-z yall lost your fucking...
2	if you pine for a time when jay-z didn't suck, then listen to czarface. esoteric, 1/3rd of the group, is a dead ringer for his voice.
2	august 5th is work like a dog day. because sometimes you just have to do what you have to do. jay-z said it well: can't knock the hustle!...
2	3rd verse on 745 by gucci the best diss verse period. he dissed jay-z &amp; jeezy &amp; crushed that shit.
2	prince announced that he is releasing an album with jay-z that is coming out on september 7th. it will be featured on tidal.
2	1st day of 7th grade...even jay-z the wonder horse wanted to be involved.
2	dale: get set to battle it out! joruffin88 is dropping the beat for a kanye vs. jay-z ride tomorrow at 630pm! grab a bike!
2	song cry x jay-z is one of my favorite songs, don't screw over the one that's been dsd1 no matter what changes life may bring, just don't.
2	jay-z: can i get a fuck you? jay-z's dad: i don't know, can you? jay-z: may i get a fuck you? jay-z's dad: no, it's supper time. go wash up.
2	brittdtaylor the 2nd one makes me feel like i'm touring the home of a jay-z impersonator
2	when jay-z said, "thirty-eight revolve like the sun round the earth"
2	beyonce 33 &amp; jay-z 45. im not even stressing nomore future bae probly in the 5th grade playing freeze tag
2	tomwarren i don't know. she just recited jay-z to me. this may have yours beat for best reply.
2	"see baby photos of blue ivy carter, the daughter of beyonce and jay-z," - huffington post
2	jay-z may have his big companies... and beyonce but that doesn't amount to what nas has done for the world and the people.
2	beyonce is 33 and jay-z is 45. so i ain't even stressing anymore. bae is probably chilling in the 5th grade playing freeze tag.
2	nowplaying december 4th by jay-z from the album: the black album
2	realdonaldtrump when was the last time a front runner was asked about a 3rd party run? the media should be asking jeb bush that question!
2	jimmykimmel bring the heat. get top draw guests against colbert 1st week. 1st guest on colbert = jeb bush - really? awful
2	apology to jeb bush for john dempsey for picking "boring" as the 1st word he thinks of to describe him.
2	why in the world is jeb bush embracing eric cantor?: the answer may be simple: "why not?"
2	marklevinshow presented summation of costs that may be associated w/ building "wall" on the southern border. way less than jeb bush stated
2	new chris christie superpac ad may be the most boring political ad ever produced. comparable to transforming cosmo kramer into jeb bush
2	both jeb bush and lindsey graham want to be the 1st "matronly" potus!
2	jeb bush also took in some hard cash in the hamptons on saturday via prwatch
2	politico reports 3 top jeb bush fundraisers left his presidential campaign friday, amid questions about the strength of his candidacy. wow!
2	three top jeb bush fundraisers abruptly parted ways with his presidential campaign on friday, amid internal personality conflicts and
2	it's hard to make the case that jeb bush is still the likely nominee. he's currently 5th in ia and 3rd in nh. winners have to, you know, win
2	jeb bush: "if you create encryption, it makes it harder for the american government to do its job"
2	when jeb bush stepped up onto the fabled soapbox at the iowa state fair on friday, fairgoers pelted him with questions about the legacy of
2	jeb bush, continuing to hit back against donald trump, took some not-so-subtle digs wednesday at the gop front-runner's decision to let a
2	ppp poll in nh evidence the disaster not nominating trump could be for gop. trump as an independent beats jeb bush for 2nd - 28% to 22%
2	personality conflicts may have led to three top jeb bush fundraisers leaving the campaign, but they are still working with the former
2	"get them to write about policy," jeb bush says, pointing to reporters, when asked about higher-ed plan. "they may break out in a rash"
2	"i promise you that when you look at results on september 30 we'll be fine," jeb bush says of fundraising tumult
2	time for the media to begin asking jeb bush some tough questions. law gop media journalism bpolitics
2	realdonaldtrump hahaha yes donald i'm visiting trump tower this sunday. i hope to see you! jeb bush is a total joke as a candidate.
2	martha to jeb bush: do you stand by the 'act of love' statement?
2	from january: jeb bush, and two myths about shifting to the right -
2	trump aiming his sharpest tweets at jeb bush. but with ben carson surging in 2nd place, is trump missing the target? saramurray has more.
2	chicago (il) sun-times: jeb bush gets personal with &amp;039;germophobe&amp;039; donald trump. more chicago news -
2	donald trump on tuesday hit back at jeb bush's accusation that the billionaire businessman is not a true conservative, amid an
2	donald trump: jeb bush should be 'speaking english while in the united states': donald trump on wednesday fire...
2	iowa gop poll results are here, in 3rd place jeb bush with 23%, in 2nd place donald trump with 34% and in 1st place is john cena
2	c'mon. you gotta love this guy! dailykos donald trump says jeb bush should 'set the example' by speaking english only
2	jebbush hillaryclinton jeb bush says he has released all his emails from time as governor.
2	...and jeb bush is third in the polls and losing donors. be fair and balance...karlrove foxnews.
2	"did donald trump propose the biggest tax hike in american history as jeb bush says?" ruling: true
2	nationally jeb bush slips back to single digits in the rcp average of polls. carson clear 2nd to trump:
2	trump is leading 15 points in the polls but kasich may prove to be a greater threat to jeb bush....
2	jeb bush's new stance on trump: bring it on: for the second day in a row on wednesday, the bush campaign went ...
2	it may seem a strange comparison, but jeb bush has a lot in common with barack obama.
2	donald trump took a jab wednesday at jeb bush for using spanish to dismiss the mogul's conservative credibility.
2	3$ to join raffle to see stephenathome 1st late night show &amp; have sc ask jeb bush your question! i'm in - are you?
2	avanhvan the one that shows jeb bush in 11th pl. yet talk about jeb bush every morning instead of the others ahead of him- ok ?
2	republican presidential hopeful jeb bush delivered parallel messages on tuesday - one in spanish, another in english - as he took a sharp
2	hmu if you wanna go protest the jeb bush rally on the 17th with me and adams
2	breaking from the "11th commandment," scott walker targets jeb bush in a new video
2	npr jeb bush's 1st name is not "jeb." it is john. let's be accurate with news reporting.
2	joehnewyork anncoulter jeb bush thinks if he only uses 1st name we won't think about "bushes" negative name recognition use bush alot lol
2	jeb bush fading from the presidential race and hillary clinton slowly dropping from the 30th mark in the presidential race..... obvious!
2	politibunny krugman may like trump but jeb bush is still the democrat party choice for republican nominee.
2	pro-hillary clinton correct the record says jeb bush's 1st tv ad is "built on a phony record," says econ claims built on housing bubble
2	jonbanquer albhere mgriffinjames peoplesvuepoint let's be honest. joe biden would win once he's in! he may even ask warren to be r-mate
2	rachel maddow re bernie sanders leading in nh in 2nd poll said tell me again why joe biden? is the 1 that can challenge hillary on the left?
2	biden gauging his 'emotional fuel': vice president joe biden revealed to members of the democratic national committee wednesday... news
2	lovetheusaorlea ainsmommy jody_mc nicolet_e86 hawaiianangel10 ok, anyone believe joe biden may make a run at it?
2	joe biden will meet with jewish leaders in miami re irandeal on september 3.
2	clinton backer tom harkin tells friend joe biden there are ways he can serve the country, but don't run a 3rd time.
2	vice president joe biden will meet with afl-cio richard trumka later thursday, further fueling talk that he may...
2	joe biden will meet with afl-cio president, further fueling talk that he may enter the white house race. i predict a labor day announcement.
2	joe biden confirms he is deciding on whether to run for president | us news | the guardian
2	joe biden on why he may not run for president: "my whole heart and my whole soul, both are pretty well banged up."
2	happy friday. here's joe biden being creepy with anime characters.
2	milbank doesn't think vice president joe biden will run, biden recognizes that he won't win - retiring as a sitting vp may be a better idea
2	my early presidential prediction: 1year from now we will be down to just 2...joe biden vs marco rubio. you heard it here 1st!
2	los angeles times - joe biden may not be at big confab for democrats, but he dominates the conversation
2	joe biden obstacles in longshot run against hill clinton just remember why he was neva elected potus in the 1st place
2	washington (reuters) - u.s. vice president joe biden will meet on thursday with afl-cio president richard trumka as he explores whether to
2	minneapolis (reuters) - joe biden got plenty of love from top democrats on friday, but their views about a pos...
2	joe biden or donald trump may be the next president of the united states. just think about that for a little bit
2	if vice president joe biden decides to run for president, the most difficult task for him may come in cobbling...
2	the constant drip drip of hilary's email scandal continues as joe biden waits in the wings hilary's campaign days may indeed be numbered!
2	by jeff mason washington, aug 28 (reuters) - backers of vice president joe biden are reaching out to donors and activists in the gay and
2	joe biden appears on late show w/ stephen colbert sept 10. does he have something to announce?
2	welcome to the 305 veep wsvn: joe biden kicking off a two-day visit south florida, wednesday.
2	joe biden is headed to atlanta tomorrow as speculation mounts about a presidential run. w/ ajconwashington: gapol
2	vice president joe biden soaked up some sun in florida, preparing to meet with fundraisers there as he stokes ...
2	alert: vice president joe biden will be speaking at the jcc tomorrow. road blocks and major traffic is expected...
2	vice president joe biden on wednesday was scheduled for a miami speech on the importance of community colleges,...
2	political observers believe joe biden may soon announce a decision about a possible presidential run. decision2016
2	can`t say yet whether he will mount white house run: joe biden: us vice president joe biden said on thursday h...
2	joe biden drops hints about his next move; teacher donates kidney to her 1st grade student.
2	roematthew have you seen yesterday's ap article about joe biden? he may decide not to run for potus
2	the elizabeth warren test: why joe biden's presidential run may be over before it begins ows p2
2	joe biden: here's my thinking on the 2016 race c'mon joe! run! we need the laughs.
2	new: joe biden may not announce a decision on 2016 race until well into the fall.
2	joe biden: run for presidency dependent on my 'emotional energy' he want us to clap for him or something?
2	atlanta (reuters) - u.s. vice president joe biden said on thursday he is still trying to determine whether he has the emotional energy to
2	by john whitesides miami, fla, sept 3 (reuters) - when you are joe biden, it's not easy being quiet. while the normally loquacious vice
2	joe biden's wife may share his misgivings about another race - the times of india
2	live: biden speaks at pa labor day parade: following his speech, vice president joe biden will march with afl-...
2	pittsburgh (reuters) - vice president joe biden on monday gave a glimpse of what a biden race for the democratic presidential nomination
2	morning_joe funny how joe biden is in 2nd in your poll, and he's not even running ! bernie2016
2	skiplacombe futurenews whatilearnedtoday jan 20 2017 some of the mcdonalds will offer a mcmorning joe biden
2	long day yesterday. started here at manawaiopuna falls. you may know them from jurassic park... kaua'i hawai'i
2	tearing up watching jurassic park for the 1st time in ages. remembering the awe of seeing it as a kid. sorry for all who got stuck w j world
2	watching jurassic park for the 564th time love my saturday nights
2	what does one do when you're up late bored on a saturday night? watch jurassic park
2	never noticed how the theme music on sunday morning live sounds like the jurassic park theme. fits with all prehistoric views on this show
2	the imperial march or the jurassic park theme? which is better?
2	beccalfl just saw the announcement from reginadowntown, tomorrow's movie for cinemaunderthestars is jurassic park.
2	someone see jurassic park with me tomorrow
2	but if i wear my jurassic world shirt then i'll be wearing a jurassic park shirt on friday (it's red for pep rally)
2	they're making a 5th jurassic park. if this continues, eventually we'll all get what we really want. dinosaurs in space.
2	i'm freezing my butt off at the drive ins to watch jurassic park for the 3rd time
2	gonna be honest about my saturday night, but it's almost 1 am and i'm watching jurassic park.
2	finishing jurassic park for like the 100th time tomorrow. film class is gonna have a lot of reruns for me. all the batman films, star wars..
2	i just want tomorrow to be here so i can see jurassic world again
2	science behind the movie: dinosaur dna extraction in jurassic world may be more fiction than fact. biomedicalodyssey
2	at no.8 is "jurassic world" 4th installment of the jurassic park series, directed by colin trevorrow r2tvtop10movies
2	wheeler but on the plus side...this: jurassic world's chris pratt: equality means objectifying men too
2	watch jurassic world on august 27 right here at the park with paypalca! wonderfulcanhappen
2	our holiday matinee continues tomorrow with jurassic world at 3pm, through the week.
2	josh_wick you may have seen them: mad max, jurassic world, predestination, area 51, ex machina, kingsmen, what we do in the shadows, ...
2	depending on what you thought of jurassic world, you may or may not like this kong: skull island news
2	still unbelievable that jurassic world is the 3rd highest grossing movie ever
2	i just saw a commercial that said jurassic world opens friday, am i missing something here?
2	still can't get over the fact gordon and i went to see jurassic world for the 2nd time after he forgot he saw it and i forgot i went w him
2	chaseemory i may have mentioned that i had just came back from jurassic world and was sleepy when tling. i can't recall my thoughts.
2	days dool tuesday rafe with roman thinks too easy. justin says to arrest chad what the hold up and shouts at rafe
2	we are your friends had the 4th worst opening in history. from justin to kelly had the 21st perspective
2	days dool tuesday hope has to pick up ciara. rafe wants a real case not just publicity like justin
2	that moment when you live in nyc but you're at college in pa when justin's performing there on thursday fuck me man
2	please make sure safety is 1st that day. justin will have a huge turn out so please dont let him get mobbed/injured.
2	_jordanah u flaze now i'll just go friday with justin
2	who wants to go see justin with me on friday ?
2	kady cbcnews liberal_party right then....you here thursday with justin?
2	lake james was dope on sunday even with justin
2	i still cry over that "follows you" on justin's profile. 8/4/15 my babe followed. &amp; tomorrow will be two years since ari followed me
2	mansbridge destroyed justin tonite the polls for the lib's should tank tomorrow! wake up people he is not ready!!
2	mansbridge interview with trudeau may not have been a classic but i did find justin believable. and i dont feel like i need a shower elxn42
2	so i'm mostly likely going to see justin on thursday and i feel like i'm gonna throw up cause i'm so nervous. i'm not meeting him tho :(
2	petermansbridge "what's 1st thing you're going to do for economy" justin "call premiers meeting to go to paris to fight global warming" omg
2	justin 1st leader signed commitment from all mps on denying right to life (50% canadians) how's it "giving mps more say"? petermansbridge
2	get out my mentions. you not gonna have justin beating my ass like i'm darius foh
2	icelebscoop do you know where justin is gonna be tomorrow for the interviews?
2	video of justin at a night club in new york city tonight. (september 9)
2	justin has confirmed saturday will come 'too soon' for dejioshilaja, so the john egan maxehmer partnership may be rekindled. gills gfc
2	carnegiescictr sorry you had that weird disturbance on sunday. i'm the random guy that helped out. please give my thanks to justin.
2	.nationalpost so justin's "solution" is to help the rich so the rest of us may be able to afford to rent, not own, their properties?
2	hey i was in angola indiana this passed sunday labor day weekend and i hard justin beibber was there
2	manneredguy ballhogba j85royals like juventus is big. but really thought one of the big 3 may have made a play with a loan
2	man city up against juventus and sevilla in the championsleague - do you think they have a chance? mcfc
2	madrid, aug 27 (reuters) - sevilla have completed the signing of forward fernando llorente from juventus and the 30-year-old former spain
2	juventus have sign cuadrado and presenting him like its the 2nd coming of del piero. why? :o
2	juventus and schalke might reach an agreement soon, but it will most likely not be before tomorrow. intermediaries are still negotiating.
2	juventus will lose to roma on sunday and will lift the scudetto come end of the season.
2	so jim white just said pogba could leave juventus before tuesday, get a bid in chelsea!!
2	forgot manchester united who come in 5th with 5.91 million followers, juventus drop out of the top ten.
2	chelsea are going to write a blank check to juventus for pogba tomorrow.
2	holdthemilan chelsea and liverpool lost now i hope milan wins and juventus lose tomorrow and it will be the perfect weekend
2	roma and juventus meet in a blockbuster serie a clash tomorrow and here's a look at the odds
2	_slam roma play juventus tomorrow in rome. if you don't go then dvg384 and i will never talk to you again.
2	kingsley coman will have played for psg, juventus and bayern by the time he is 20 but may not have made his international debut. some feat.
2	kingsley coman joins bayern on loan from juventus: matthias schmitt before the close of the transfer window on august 31st, fc bayern...
2	roma with an early season statement while juventus go to 0 points off 2 matches.
2	for the 1st time in serie a history, juventus has lost their opening 2 games. roma 2-1 juventus -dr.cfc-
2	so with matches still to play in the round, the giallorossi move to 2nd, almost certain to drop a few places. falling to 18th are juventus!
2	digne and falque caused juventus real problems down their left in the 1st half. asroma juventus
2	medical for mario lemina tomorrow at juventus. another one bites the dust om
2	lol ubercheiseafc: juventus in 19th place in serie a. hey paulpogba we are 13th if you wanna join a better team
2	roma stun juve as chievo crush lazio - milan (afp) - juventus's early season woes continued on sunday with a 2-1 d...
2	juventus' heatmap in the 1st and 2nd half.
2	roma (asromaen) defeat juventus (juventusfcen) 2-1 and gives them their 2nd straight loss of the season.
2	cafecrema69 inter may have a chance this season with juventus sucking the big one so far!
2	juventus sign inter midfielder harnanes: turin, sep 1 : italian football champions juventus have bolstered the...
2	milan, aug 30 (reuters) - after losing only three league games last season juventus have now lost the first two of the new campaign as a
2	arsenal couldnt get the 4th choice striker juventus had this is arsene wenger
2	chelsea football club may have 33 players out on loan but the number of juventus loanees dwarfs that number...
2	daveockop rafaelh117 if our squad is more expensive that juventus and bayern and still placing 6th maybe the committee needs to go now..
2	with that squad and the current good start they have had compared to the woes at juventus they can and may win it...
2	arsenal consider january bid for juventus' simone zaza after failed deadline day talks, according to the guardian
2	refugees seems to be the hot topic atm. but juventus has been involved in humanity for several years. constantly.
2	i'm in phuket next tuesday and wanted to know if anywhere will show the champions league game of mcfc vs juventus?
2	lloydy200813 you will be receiving a new seasoncard, your juventus ticket may be paper ticket that is sent to you.
2	arsenal and whufc have been told striker simone zaza can leave juventus in january for the right price (fichajes)
2	beinsports are you showing the juventus game this saturday at 2:45pm et?
2	so is it written in the stars that mayo will lose saturday and dublin will lose final to kerry? gaa allireland
2	2/2 kerry said wed. "because if you don't have this agreement, iran has already made clear what its direction is." democrats won't stop them
2	burniethompson robtdfischl well, isis is changing the climate everywhere they go so kerry may be right for the 1st time.
2	kerry: iran agreement not a panacea for the sectarian &amp; extremist violence ripping region apart. but history may judge it a turning point
2	gp if secretary kerry's convinced the iran deal will prevent iran from getting nukes, will he move to israel?
2	having gopers on abt irandeal a fail lawrence . kerry wrote deal,explains it, and pawlenty's 1st response "if u accept his math.." wtf ?
2	me and kerry have somehow got to get away with leaving the hotel tomorrow with a snapped bed, no cutlery and broken curtains
2	trump reiterates hillary clinton is worst sec state ever but kerry may take the title over iran deal
2	the chinese are very concerned about kerry's remarks. they will probably ask fiji for military assistance....
2	news: kerry says us may set up refugee camp structures to help with syria crisis
2	updated!! labor day weekend schedule: foxboro: -saturday: 8:30-9:45am heated flow with kerry -sunday: 10-11:15am...
2	tonyjdell lindasuhler hale_razor their release should have been demanded before kerry ever sat down at the table.
2	johnkerry medium theirandeal kerry the judgement of g-d upon yr black conscience is going to be no myth may it be swift. selah
2	minor hurling final (1st,2m) kerry 0-1 roscommon 0-0 kerrygaa kerry off the mark
2	i still need to know james's birthday, for the sun sign analasys, im guessing second deacon virgo, shy, not like kerry, surprise me
2	kerry: russia has lied about its activities in ukraine: secretary of state john kerry said tuesday that ... (fox)
2	dublin go onto play kerry in the all ireland football final on sept 20th
2	kerry is in the last row 3rd from the right, ellen is 1 row 3nd from the left viola is 2nd row 3rd from the left
2	mayo fan today and a kerry fan on the 20th..just once those cunts are beat !!
2	what's your elephant in the room? mikaela &amp; kerry, dished out hundreds of these stress balls on saturday! if you...
2	kerry calls russia about possible buildup in syria: secretary of state john kerry came to cuba on friday and r......
2	kerry woke me up at 8, and now shes fast asleep and im just sat here.
2	timmbarton123 voxdotcom we must keep working to make it happen tho. if twitter/fb existed during kerry he may have won! myspace failed.
2	anyone heading to the northern territory fashion week garden party at kerry's this 27th of september - don't...
2	somewhere in kerry last night. now back up to dublin for the night before going back to leeds tuesday.
2	strngwys mskerryd a different robbie. also, kerry doesn't know i brought madelines to you and engadget on friday but she was gone. shhh.
2	dowlingwendy bernasher roll on the 20th and kerry
2	customer service advisor kerry: kerry, hours of work: 37.5 hour working week between the hours of monday to fr...
2	sooooo....chef kerry has an extra ticket to the owls head transportation museum gala on september 12. kerry and...
2	want to see the dubs play(beat) kerry in the all ireland final sunday week but have no ticket ? we are raffling...
2	kerryamchugh trust me when i say that you are not alone, kerry; mile 11 of sunday's half marathon felt worse than mile 23 of my 1st full!
2	kerry attends "annual refugee resettlement and admissions program consultations" on the hill tomorrow. then he meets durbin, irandeal whip.
2	bjams2am totlth diveconlfp katie_kalpin amperg33 pricklypear12 the clinton 2nd time, then bush, then kerry then i must confess obama.
2	paula &amp; dave signing off. lotte &amp; kerry will be here to answer any electrical queries you may have.
2	kennethbartlet9 rush said the other day that hrc was worst s.o.s. ever but kerry is catching up..(may have been quoting someone)
2	the gaa has appointed meath referee david coldrick to take charge of the all-ireland final showdown between dublin and kerry on sunday week.
2	declanobrien_ got it monday first with cyril, tuesday last with kerry, wednesday second and friday fourth.
2	the doc soaked in bleach, out august 14, looks into kurt cobain's death. read what the director has to say about it:
2	3fab5all hiberlinberlin tomgrantpi if i knew on april 1st 1994 that kurt cobain was going to die, i must have known the emotional reasons
2	kurt cobain: how low? me: alltimelow. i may or may not be a little in love with atl, don't judge me.
2	dannybrennan72 as long as you don't go all kurt cobain on me, he may have been awesome, but he might not have made the best choises lol
2	"some may find this childish, but i revel in it." - kurt cobain 1967-1993
2	february 20th! same day as kurt cobain
2	"...bizarre rituals intended to bring about the end of the world, and now it looks like it may actually happen!" - kurt cobain 1967-1993
2	video: endorsing fender with the kurt cobain jaguar guitar going into a mustang minor 3rd setting (at...
2	"kurt cobain" just snapped me this after i told him i work tomorrow.
2	girl thought she was sharing cool pics of dad + kurt cobain. turns out they're pics of nirvana's 1st show ever. rad.
2	if kurt cobain knew his music would be being played in an applebee's at 6 pm on a sunday, he'd roll over in his grave
2	i hate jon for making me watch the kurt cobain documentary because i'll end up listening to nirvana all day tomorrow.
2	"peter, at 1:40 pm at the main branch of the new york public library on 5th avenue..." - kurt cobain 1967-1993
2	"may i please see the storage facility?" - kurt cobain 1967-1993
2	"right, i'll see you thursday! i'm sorry i didn't get to meet you, sir!" - kurt cobain 1967-1993
2	brettmorgen but i kept trying to tell people starting on april 1st 1994 that i knew kurt cobain was going to die.
2	a judge ruled friday that the graphic photos of kurt cobain's death will remain sealed per the wishes of his...
2	"no amount of effort can save you from oblivion." --kurt cobain montageofheck // aug 7 //
2	i just sat in my room and full fledge sobbed over kurt cobain's death... i'm fine. this is totally normal. nothing 2 see here.
2	is there anywhere in the united states of america that has the book journals by kurt cobain? i mean, c'mon.
2	i remember one time in like 6th grade i didn't want to be in the news because i was wearing a kurt cobain shirt .
2	video - kurt cobain solo album to be released in november&gt;to coincide with dvd/blu-ray release of brett mor... video
2	an album of unheard kurt cobain demos you say? just take our money already montageofheck
2	kurt cobain solo album + comedy sketch to drop in november with endless-scroll kurtcobain musicnews
2	if the music is unheard how do they know it's from kurt cobain?
2	"sunday morning is every day for all i care" - kurt cobain dodgeball_3
2	so apparently we're sitting in the same booth that kurt cobain sat in furrygrammar sammehsam
2	i love rem but sweetness follows may be the most depressing song ever. kurt cobain may have even killed himself whilst listening to it ffs.
2	"now i gotta cut loose, footloose, kick off the sunday shoes. please, louise, pull me off of my knees." - kurt cobain 1967-1993
2	dear god, may we trade you all the music "artists" at tonight's mtvvmas and have frank sinatra and kurt cobain back? please? amen
2	exhibit b (blind melon performing change on the day kurt cobain's body was discovered april 8 1994) cossa68
2	check out the trailer for the kurt cobain doc, screening here fri 11 sep
2	kurt cobain solo release any real nirvana fan will not be buying this.. just money grabbing brett morgan and courtney
2	this is a tribute to kurt cobain. it's the same recording that i already posted, season's in the sun, but...
2	krsciencelady thanks kathy! just walked in the door &amp; forgot it was tuesday! darned labor day threw me off! :)
2	is your computer acting like it is still on labor day break? just reboot - it's patch tuesday :)
2	had to do overtime today due to too much bs on labor day chest day and back day both went in can't wait to be back on track tomorrow
2	i wish they'd make memorial day and labor day on fridays....no real difference, but having a friday off seems so much better than a monday.
2	reminder that if you normally have city garbage pickup in lexington on mondays, it will be tomorrow due to the labor day holiday
2	no home opener info over labor day weekend. instead, we learned that all home games will be friday or saturday, with one sunday afternoon.
2	join me and kennypolcari on sept 10 after the close! fun webinar after labor day
2	*firework go off jake: it's way past 4th of july wtf me: memorial day? jake: makes sense me: jake: me: jake: labor day you jackass oh
2	ahahahahhha when labor day messes you up &amp; u forgot it's tuesday &amp; not monday so all your online class assignments are due &amp; u have 2 hrs
2	gaypatriot only september? maybe it should be at least an "no oliver willis after labor day"
2	labor day weekend fun in the sun. a great white shark finds himself beached on the shore of wellfleet beach cape cod,ma. after hours of
2	dodgers_fan_81 it's been saying "arrived at hub" since sunday but i guess it has something to do with labor day. we'll see.
2	__notbb: so my job gave us labor day off, but now they are tryin to make us work saturday
2	the professional development series is off this week for labor day. we will return next tuesday with another webinar.
2	walmart wednesday! oops, it's after labor day and somebody is still wearing white!
2	it may be wednesday, but with the labor day holiday on monday, it feels like tuesday--at least that is our story...
2	after labor day its hot coffee till may
2	the normal wednesday trash pick-up has been pushed to thursday this week due to labor day holiday. so, if you...
2	fyi: we're taking a hiatus through end of sept., but we'll see you again in october! [pic from labor day catering]
2	labor day may be past, but we still have plenty of grilling weather ahead. one of the many joys of living in...
2	also keep in mind that due to labor day we did not have a monday shipment. monday orders will go out with today's instead.
2	labor day is making me a day behind. today's wednesday but it feels like tuesday
2	yo samsheffer just realized the lexus hoverboard release is on the 5th. just fyi (vergecast???)
2	lexus announces new rc200t coupe with 241bhp turbo power: news 31 jul, 2015 lexus...
2	i told brionna sierra my sister n lexus we all corny lbs lexus was first thoo i was 2nd just movn now tho so idc lbs
2	sitting next to 15 yr olds at northpark talking about whether they want a mercedes or lexus for their 16th bday wow the struggle is so real
2	niiquee_datbaby you as well . people say they don't think ima make it until the 22nd . it's crazy how me you and lexus is back to back .
2	ok. so it might be an ad for lexus or at least their design team. but this is cool. make sure to watch the 2nd video
2	tech news lexus' fancy board really hovers, but it's just for show: lexus on tuesday presented the final video...
2	.washingtonpost alleges that lexus dealers are besieged with haggling-averse millennials eager to pay asking price:
2	fun fact friday: the engine used in the lexus lfa (4.8 litre v10), is two times lighter than an ordinary lexus...
2	hmm, what do you think? lexus may eliminate the haggle with buying new cars soon: autos
2	lexus may change how it sells cars because it finds millennials hate to haggle (business) newzealand nznews
2	lexus may try again with a luxury coupe eb5
2	good grief - over in italy cars are literally melting in the sun! not a lexus, mind.
2	night crumbs: the nanny and the lexus that may or may not have been bought with ben affle... follow mescana 4mor
2	let me tell you about the experience i just had... so me and lexus said bye for the final time before i leave tomorrow. let me describe
2	f-sport friday with ct200h f-sport. this lexus eats asphalt, sips fuel.
2	slxmzilla oh, hey lexus, i think i may be going to fit for college, basically the florida version of mit, if i cant get in there or drexel.
2	my 18 year old best friend died yesterday. her name is lexus. she no longer suffers from old age may her spirit fly were it wants too.
2	angelleal08 nigga where you ain't gonn see nobody monday this is why lexus is my fav
2	on friday i heard from the paddock talk that nissan considers a 5 stop strategy while lexus &amp; honda were still uncertain. supergt
2	he once gave a smelly tramp a quid for a bag of chips who may or may not have urinated next to a lexus earlier that day. suggestacorbynsmear
2	a lexus in oct '10 works for allege undercover fbi agent 12 midnight note my neighbor across the street from my home on kenbrook have lexus
2	hmm. lexus may be entering the aussie v8 supercars scene soon. i think it would be pretty mad to see an rc f v8 supercar.
2	mddxo we getting them tomorrow so just give to lexus
2	daily: lexus rolls styling dice with new rx. carbon fiber 1st in bmw 7 series. autonomy could hurt trucking industry.
2	what do you think of the changes to lexus' large suv? the lexus lx flagship suv may have been given a refresh in...
2	audio question: hi i am new to lexus ownership and have a 1998 gs300 with sat-nat and scree... lexus automotive
2	may our old mini van and lexus rest in peace. and hello brand new cars :d still miss the lexus a lot though :'(
2	my moms air conditioner went out in her car for the 2nd time in a month on friday so she bought a lexus today
2	interested in serving in the church? there will be training for altar servers in madonna on september 2 at 6pm altarserver ramblers luc
2	selling 2 tickets to madonna's sept 10 show. let me know if you're interested
2	reminder: madonna's show originally scheduled for wed, 9/2 has been rescheduled to 1/20. original tickets will be honored at the new date.
2	zayn? jlo? madonna? selena? jlo? if we are talking iconic instagrams... kylie,gigi,kendal even bieber make sense
2	madonna performing in montreal on the 9th and 10th of september if you're looking for tickets give us a call at...
2	april 17, 1986 madonna at the at close range premiere
2	may 28, 1986 madonna on the set of the papa don't preach music video on staten island, new york city
2	in other news, i heard borderline by madonna at lunch on monday and just caught myself humming it 2 days later and i'm kind of freaked out.
2	madonna put in two during the first half of play. huws came out stronger 2nd half, but ends game scoreless. 2-0 final score
2	bexdora tomorrow i think it'll be madonna's "like a prayer"... can you help me with this please? everyone must stand alone. sorry.
2	on september 3 1983, madonna's first album debuted at 190 on the billboard top 200 albums chart in the usa. the...
2	i wonder why drake didn't release the 2nd verse on madonna all at once. i think it's better than the first one.
2	weird madonna concert dreams this morning. speaking of, i have extra tickets. let me know if you're interested. september 16, msg.
2	april 21, 1985 madonna performs like a virgin on the virgin tour in costa mesa at the pacific amphitheatre
2	a 70-yd. screen pass td makes it 21-7 tusky over madonna, early in the 3rd. scoreboard powered by
2	thecatholicone melania1stlady this is such a breach of the 1st amend that even madonna's gay brother is standing with kim! const. attacktd
2	ohmadonnaa it's on madonna's facebook page hun. if you don't have facebook it's also here
2	on september 6 1989, madonna performed express yourself at the 6th annual mtv video music awards at the...
2	madonna will make her first appearance in hong kong on february 17th at asia-world arena...
2	alauwasser if it keeps making money for hbo, they may have to start going to former colonies as well. or even have to take madonna.
2	a primer on madonna's rebel heart tour: the tour kicks off at the bell centre on wednesday and thursday.
2	depending on how late madonna goes on stage tonight, i may consider thinking about getting a ticket for sat. night. maybe. notreally
2	so magic mike xxl is out of theaters as of last friday in the bahamas. a whopping three weeks to the day of release.
2	to make room for the new movies, magic mike xxl's last showing is weds. the gallows, inside out, &amp; jurassic world's last showings are thurs.
2	i have surgery inside my face tomorrow, so stockpiling good feelings by going to the cinema with rossalynwarren to see magic mike xxl. a+
2	10k on the feminism of magic mike xxl due on my desk tomorrow.
2	sitting at home on a saturday night watching magic mike xxl in bed with my dog and a pizza box wondering why i'm still single.
2	guardianfilm i think they may have used up all the sexy earlier in the summer with magic mike xxl
2	bcrops fell asleep during magic mike xxl.....guess we are just gonna have to rewatch it tomorrow.....daaaarn
2	game of tones 1st question today on mix938fm with clayrobbertze - who was mariah carey married too from sony?
2	mariah carey shows fuller frame in malibu with twins sunday - daily mail
2	some from peeps may recognise this chord progression from a mariah carey clip posted over on the aa groups...
2	mariahcarey wondering if mariah carey want to play some concerts with us in ohio after jan.1,2016 an starting a tour contact john melson
2	full mariah carey walked somewhere &amp; then sat down for a bit coverage - day 12 buythepaper
2	welcome to kevin oduah's blog : is mariah carey pregnant with james packer's child...
2	is tamar trying to pull a "mariah carey" with releasing her album on september 11th? but, i know she's trying to honor the tragic day but...
2	i'm a mariah carey fan kaya may high standards ako. elha's quite good altho it's not a whistle tone. darren wows tvkfinals
2	i'm not sure which is funnier - the coloured-vinyl reissue of mariah carey's christmas album or the fact that it's coming out in october.
2	afrounique and i once sat in a walgreens parking lot attempting to sing mariah carey's "my all" and probably scared the neighbors
2	can't believe mariah carey's "all i want for christmas is you" is playing right now. it's september 3rd.
2	they may be different types of players, but don't say messi and ronaldo are the best. not yet anyway. they might be remembered that way
2	sunday supplement. is bale in the same class as messi and ronaldo?! "he's knocking on the door" don't make me laugh. over hyped as always
2	luiz adriano (shakhtar) scores his 5th goal of the evening and equals messi's record of most goals by a single player in a ucl match
2	messi and mascherano could start the argentina game against mexico on tuesday in dallas, texas [sport]
2	omsondafivenine footy_jokes this is the truth my friend while messi might win the 5th ballon d or people would say ronaldo didn't win it
2	sum chelsea fans in their dreams believe hazard is the 3rd best player in the world afta messi and ronaldo. not sure they've heard of muller
2	regionals: pedro to miss messi: the latest stories from tuesday's regional newspapers as pedro says he is going to miss former team-m...
2	2nd time having ronaldo and messi .... plus a cheeky hazard on the bench !! castro1021 thereevhd nick28t
2	the nats may have sucked again but now messi is on tv and colbert is back in an hour so it could be so much worse.
2	messi slips on sod laid over turf. grass pitches all over us, this is stupid &amp; dangerous. glad kun has sat the first half. mcfc
2	messi needs to show up more in the 2nd half. mexicovsargentina
2	somebody get a mustache, a fake birth certificate and get messi signed up for the us on october 10th, please.
2	so according to my 12th grade english teacher messi has now tied the game up? can anyone confirm this?
2	randomhero23 because they did not reply the play as much. 2nd time messi scores a goal on mexico like that
2	apoel can become the 24th different opponent in ucl against which messi has scored at least 1 goal. he has faced 31 teams in total
2	luis enrique looks set for a defeat if he calls messi and mascherano for training straight on friday just one day before the game
2	in 2 days barcelona will play the 1st ucl group stage game of the season, at home vs apoel. it will be messi's 31st opponent in europe
2	teammessi may i have permission to use this photo of messi holding the case i designed? ta!
2	international break recap: neymar, messi, rafinha score on tuesday: tuesday night was a good one for the barcelona internationals tha...
2	you may dislike either messi or ronaldo, but you can't dislike zlatan.
2	may as well scribble out the 5 on the fifa 15 disc and replace it with a 6. basically identical bar bale's hair &amp; messi's tattoo. shambles.
2	i wish you was at metlife:(
2	me: *pretends metlife isn't happening tonight or tomorrow night because i'm not there*
2	hsdelevingne he had death threats in july (i think) but it was for tonight at metlife.
2	i'll upload the rest of my videos from metlife tomorrow i'm dead.
2	panoramas of the crowd/stadium last night at metlife, august 5th (via insider tatiana_eze)
2	uanreckless _soma_mo yeah i saw that. it looked looked like he was crying at metlife and tuesday on gma as well...
2	i couldn't go to metlife so i'm going to a concert on the beach tomorrow lol mtvhottest one direction
2	if i wake up tomorrow and the boys still didnt tweet about metlife i will personally fly to the set of that video and make it happen myself
2	cloprestiwfan did i just hear bowles say that the scrimmage at metlife tomorrow is no longer a scrimmage?
2	i may haven't been close to louis at metlife but he didn't seem unhappy at all
2	todd bowles and players talk about what they're expecting from saturday night's green &amp; white practice at metlife:
2	did jessie almost faint at metlife too the world may never know
2	harry talking to the 9 year old boy/auctioning him off at metlife - august 5th
2	itiswhatitis__ yea i went to the one at metlife on august 5th otrametlife
2	otra_oh haha maybe that's what all the commotion was about at metlife on august 5th
2	liam said at metlife that they were going on a one year break after their 5th album comes out.:/
2	it's the atlanta falcons (1-0) against the new york jets (0-1) at 7:30 p.m. on friday in metlife stadi... riseup
2	im going to metlife tomorrow for a preseason giants game rip me
2	rawbcas3 alright, let me know. want to see ac/dc wednesday at metlife? can meet you at secaucus station and drive over.
2	everyone who sat around me at metlife was so annoying but i didnt let it ruin such an amazing night
2	what giants or niners fans would wanna go to the sunday night game at metlife?
2	mendez told me he'd drive me to metlife on sunday... my reaction:
2	picturehouse's, pink floyd's, 'roger waters: the walll - opening 29 sept is now making waves. watch the trailer on rolling stone - look...
2	order go set a watchman in store or through our website before tuesday and get it half price! gsaw gsawatchmanbook
2	if you could ask an onstage interview question at miss usa tomorrow, what would it be?
2	tune-in for the 2015 miss usa pageant on reelzchannel on sunday, july 12 at 8p et/5p pt. contestants from all 50...
2	miss universe org prez tells me trump won't attend sunday's miss usa event he's missed some in the past, but he said recently he'd be here
2	trump said june 30th that he'd be at miss usa pageant in baton rouge. organizers say he's not coming. no word yet from his camp on his plans
2	haven't read to kill a mockingbird in years. that may be a good thing for when i read go set a watchman. might make it less heartbreaking.
2	did you know that reelzchannel is airing miss usa tomorrow? here's why:
2	i've read the book several times, so watching "to kill a mockingbird" as a refresher before "to set a watchman" novel is released on tuesday
2	miss usa tomorrow is either going to be the most watched show in 20 years or the least watched show in 20 years.
2	reelz is going to broadcast miss usa tomorrow, finally someone is brave enough to step up. nbc's liberal ways has got to go!!!
2	george osborne is the master of all he surveys...except the economy
2	donald trump: 'i will not be able to attend the miss usa pageant tomorrow night because i am breaking-news
2	uofl volleyball player katiegeorge05 tomorrow night as she competes in the miss usa pageant.
2	hottestar1 bom may not be the best main vocalist but she does not have the worst voice in kpop. ppl need to stop over exaggerating
2	m_rutler xtina nbc ru hosting a miss usa party ? sugar cake for the top 5 . miss america in ac in sept.free trip contests? ur fired xtina
2	given that watchman repeats passages whole, it seems lee didn't want to publish a 2nd book so much as she wanted to correct mockingbird.
2	really think taylorswift13 should have taylorphelan as a guest for bad blood at the show oct 17 in dallas
2	was chatting up ref librarian at local public library a few days ago about watchman. ended up on hold list for novel. read 1st chapter..5/s
2	should the sunday tradinglaw be a thing of the past? george osborne thinks so
2	mcuban sir, if ur n chicago, c sir paul mccartney, july 31. met him in ny other day. he'll be xcellent. m sure he'd confirm i'd get ratings
2	rangers - josh hamilton is not in the rangers starting lineup on sunday. winning
2	trump should let whoever comes in 11th place in the polls be a guest judge at miss usa, to make up for it.
2	people of cirencester! tomorrow is the day before the day! last chance to pre-order go set a watchman at half price.
2	for the sake of being at work during th miss usa finals i am deleting my facebook app until tomorrow so i can...
2	don't forget to tune in as miss iowa usa will represent the hawkeye state during sunday's miss usa pageant:
2	nat'l headline: miss usa contestants prepare to take stage: women from across the country sunday are vying for...
2	tune in to the 2015 miss usa pageant july 12 8p et/5p pt in baton rouge live on reelzchannel
2	breeahnuh_ yes, it's true i've missed all my children but no go set a watchman gets released tuesday
2	watching the miss usa pageant...you can bet on me hitting the gym and ulta tomorrow lol
2	weeds drug miss usa contestants take stage in 64th annual pageant: women from across the country sunday took...
2	had kid at sunday school ask me: did you know paul mccartney was in another band before wings? &lt;feeling old&gt; nostalgiachat
2	now that miss usa is over i think i might world war z for the 6th time . cant go to sleep in a quiet room the tv is always on
2	may i have the names of the singers on miss usa?
2	great way to end my 21st: watch the miss usa pageant and cry because fat and ugly
2	missusa i wonder if someone from 1st take is going to invite miss usa to the show
2	snidere95 "i'm ellen snider and i once survived a 3rd degree hand burn trying to make smores dip &amp; watch miss usa when i was 20."
2	re-watching the miss usa pageant and miss rhode island may have just made me cry
2	teamfollowback another pageant, another q&amp;a fail to make you question our educational systems during sunday's miss usa p... followback
2	olivia jordan of oklahoma was crowned miss usa on sunday, wearing a hot pink strapless dress as she deftly fie...
2	.therealkamie i'm the 1st to say embrace your body &amp; no one should be ashamed of theirs. however i want to know if "miss usa" has nude vids
2	miss usa contestants prepare to take stage - baton rouge, la. (ap) -- women from across the country sunday ... news
2	instead of watching the miss usa pageant i watched drop dead gorgeous...a 1999 dark comedy &amp; amy adams 1st role! usa
2	the twitter page of the woman who just won the miss usa pageant tonight only has 3,300 followers, so you may have a chance still, guys.
2	timlihoreau tomorrow's breakfast serial suggestion. george harison was a beatle,so was paul mccartney so how about my love!!!!
2	skills crisis is key flaw in george osborne's productivity plan, says cbi. girls are the answer cbi_es - lets talk.
2	george osborne presented the first budget of this parliament on wednesday 8 july 2015. the speech set out his...
2	good monday rockers! today we are going to discuss the best robots in tv/movie history. rolling stone magazine...
2	george osborne has been a believer in the living wage for two years - argues matthewdancona
2	go set a watchman is out tomorrow! we're open at 8:00am so you pick it up before work. still time to preorder for half price today gsow
2	called watchman, same story as to set a watchman but from the watchman's point of view?
2	today inaccurate reporting on watchman. its the 1st book hl wrote after many revisions by request of publisher came to kill a mockingbird!
2	drtimony i finished tkam last thursday! let me know what you thing about watchman
2	why would it be so bad if arod played in the all-star game, but nobody cares that ryan braun will be playing tomorrow night mlballstargame
2	harper lee's new novel "go set a watchman" will be published tomorrow. get a sneak peek of the first chapter here:
2	harper lee may have a third novel in her safe-deposit box: go set a watchman might not be the las... socialmedia
2	see classic to kill a mockingbird tonight 7 pm cineplexmovies in bayers lake before go set a watchman release tues.
2	harper lee, the author of the american literature classic to kill a mockingbird, will publish her 2nd book, go set a watchman, this tuesday
2	reminder syriza doesn't have half the leftist balls of george osborne who liquidated the buy-to-let rentier.
2	may d almighty allah in his infinite mercy use dis set of service chiefs as the tool 2 end d boko haram menace on our land. defenceinfong
2	will try to watch brave first then will deal with ahs while sulking over go set a watchman tomorrow
2	"go set a watchman" on shelves tuesday, some already upset with sequel: (photo: harpercollins)
2	fifty five years ago today to kill a mockingbird was published. go set a watchman is released tomorrow. will you read it?
2	oiler_country it may have been a one time thing as paul mccartney played the hockey arena &amp; wrestlemania was in the football arena.
2	if sheamus lose against orton, will be cashing mitb briefcase same night? and what about dean ambrose?
2	wwe announced on their twitter account that randy orton would be facing sheamus this sunday at the battleground ppv wwe2k16 raw
2	a girl named jordan just got crowned miss usa on sunday. it wasn't me in case you were wondering...
2	so, miss usa last night, the al all-star starting pitcher today. what's going to be tomorrow for bishop kelley hs?
2	i am looking for to the release of go set a watchman tomorrow by harper lee . i am not happy with all the spoilers telling me about it.
2	monday night raw tonight and we have one thing confirmed... sheamus takes on randy orton at battleground!
2	randy orton will face off with sheamus at wwebattleground on sunday.
2	sunday, during the q&amp;a segment of the miss usa pageant miss texas (ylianna guerra) made such an unapologetically...
2	bad blood is a v catchy song but the lyrics are such a "omg he sat next to my bff at lunch instead of me" anthem.
2	go set a watchman drops tomorrow. icymi, i talked to indie bookstores around the country about their preparations
2	reelzchannel's broadcast of the miss usa pageant topped nielsen twitter tv ratings sunday night. more:...
2	diversemind sorry about that, i didn't see it! i'm going to peep the article, are you gonna buy "watchman" tomorrow? and yes by the way.
2	hero, anti-hero: one in the same? go set a watchman out tomorrow. american masters pbsteachers
2	go set a watchman comes out tomorrow! do you plan to read it? i have to reread tkam first, but then i definitely...
2	johnny lennon is going to ask paul mccartney and mccartney's right love to be based in jerusalem for the july 15th apple time event.
2	was i one of the first or last to notice this... dean ambrose new gear number says 060214 june 2nd 14 the day seth rollins betrayed shield
2	bray has able to escape by hitting reigns with a lantern. the match with dean ambrose may have been scrapped....
2	just out of curiosity, why doesn't dean ambrose have a match sunday? and why did we get gypped out of seeing him wrestle tonight?
2	re-reading harperlee mockingbird now; soon to discover the new atticusfinch go set a watchman and now there's more
2	watched the home run derby from beginning to end. 1st time since the steroid days i watched josh hamilton after...
2	some balance on watchman from hadley freeman in the guardian -
2	george osborne: it's adorable that you, media person, think this gov't would do anything to help greece.
2	rdu985fm if i hit 666 by friday i'll sign off with iron maiden
2	yes george osborne and iain duncan smiths too.. dc was a 3rd child it would seem...maybe the tories have a point :p
2	sf_england so basically anyone from this september...that's just brilliant news :( big massive thanks to george osborne and his friends!
2	1st chapter of go set a watchman previewed. already surprised at some of it. thoughts? berry_o12 alaina_stowers
2	stephen carter: the 1st line of "go set a watchman" does what it should: "it makes us want to know what happens next"
2	once you've finished reading go set a watchman you should come along to our discussion group in store at 6:30pm on july 29th. gsaw
2	every time i hear the word "hoax" i'm reminded of paul mccartney on the chris farley show
2	took a pic of this guy who sat in front of me during miss usa b/c he looked important. i guess he is pretty important
2	details make watchman's origins seem even more mysterious. and now perhaps a 3rd book? gosetawatchman harperlee
2	mcallen native ylianna guerra, the 1st runner up in the miss usa pageant, arrives today at 2 p.m. at mcallen...
2	under sexysocialism david cameron &amp; george osborne will undertake the 1st manned mission 2 pluto.
2	wouldn't say shes in the elite or top singers in kpop now but goes to show how big 1st impressions or one bad moment in negative light lasts
2	discussing the t swift vs k perry feud with boyf (he was unaware). he's a big fan of both. he says he's torn. may have to boycott bad blood.
2	alanthomasdoyle fureyandrew taylorswift13 it may have been "mean" to miss ts in dc but we'll "shake it off" and put aside the "bad blood"
2	josh hamilton just hit a record 28 hr in the 1st round of the 2008 home run derby. 5 hr for chase utley. he saves them for when it counts.
2	here's one from sunday night, at the miss usa after party. the bottles frozen into the ice are a special version...
2	ryan braun leadoff triple to start the 9th. casual. brewernation
2	al 6-2 nl (b9) ryan braun the last batter to be used by the nl and he squeezes it up the 1st base line for a triple! surely not...
2	bottom 9th now - braun up - perkins in - ryan braun triples down the right field line - brewers brewcrew mlb mlb mlbsteventhe
2	ryan braun with a triple off of glen perkins in the 9th! brewers asg2015
2	the al leads the nl 6-2 in the bottom of the 9th, but ryan braun leads off with a triple. asg2015
2	brandon crawford knocks in ryan braun with a sac fly in the 9th. 6-3 al asg
2	ryan braun, baseball's antihero just shows up in the 9th and hits a triple
2	chapman throws his 104 mph knuckleball striking out the al to end the 8th but ryan braun comes back with a triple for the nl and scores
2	brandon crawford brings home ryan braun after he tripled to lead off the 9th. nl still trails 6-3
2	ryan braun led off 9th with 3b and scored on sf, but that's all nl gets as al wins asg2015, 6-3. local12
2	leadoff triple for ryan braun in 9th. brandon crawford sac fly makes it 6-3, but not enough. al wins 6-3 will have home field edge in series
2	cwnm don't recall the al scoring but ryan braun scored on sac fly in 9th
2	i want to go to kpop night on friday but i'll be mad if it's not just 5 hours of "good boy" on repeat. eternaljam
2	ellysa_maye nah,it just moved to youtube!rolling stone may be the one dying!
2	the sultan of sokoto alhaji sa'ad abubakar has said boko haram terrorist are out to spoil the name of islam as a whole. may they be exposed
2	ahead of last weeks budget george osborne indicated that he intends to relax sunday trading laws...
2	ok so i know that yall are into kpop now but why havent i seen anything about boa eat you up was my 7th grade jam
2	taking go set a watchman with me to the beach tomorrow, the critics haven't put me off in the slightest
2	so george osborne, therera may &amp; yvette cooper, all of whom want to be the next pm, are teaming up to stop boris. he's the one they all fear
2	it may be a giant leap for cable net reelz, but the miss usa pageant took a few steps backward on sunday night....
2	johnsonsbanger jackjackjohnson you never know. it may be a song lyric from one of their songs on calibraska
2	so kim kardashian is on the cover of rolling stone? why the outrage? she may be unsavory but she is still a current trend.
2	i know what i'm doing the 24th, preoredering calibraska by jack and jack!
2	wwe 2k15 randy orton "11 you may have won tonight but at wrestlemania i'm sending you to suplex city bitch
2	kxnofanatics i was the dude wearing the iron maiden shirt and cubs hat by the stage on 13th. i think it was sat. both days are a bit hazy.
2	if the song with jack and jack ft. alli simpson is on calibraska i may have to brace myself and not download the ep
2	just used my legendary google cardboard to watch the crimsonpeak trailer for the 5th time and paul mccartney performing live and let die
2	photo: we-are-lucifers: hi..notice !! 4th of seprember will be realesed the new album band iron maiden...
2	make sure to stop by dunkin' donuts tomorrow between 6am-11am and make a donation to your favorite special...
2	george osborne (born gideon oliver osborne; 23 may 1971) is a british politician and member of the conservative party
2	may allah forgive the souls of all the people killed in various senseless bombings by boko haram during ramadhan and beyond including gombe
2	roman got bray wyatt hard on monday. tonight, he teams with dean ambrose to face sheamus and big show. smackdown
2	kim kardashian on the cover of rolling stone is not the death of rock. this is.
2	it's national ice cream day. or as we diabetics call it, thursday.
2	since dean ambrose hasn't got a match this sunday at wwebattleground. do you think he'll interfere in the roman/bray match? heelturn
2	ronda rousey zinged boxing star floyd mayweather at the espy awards wednesday.
2	all of calibraska will be out on the 24th im cryinfhedjs im even less ready for this
2	if you ever wondered how professor x would sound like reciting the lyrics of bad blood, then this one's for you
2	national hot dog day is saturday capitalgmc saturday see you there.
2	your copy of go set a watchman may be missing lines at the end
2	.jackandjackreal "calibraska" official tracklisting the ep will be available july 24th
2	10:15 and i'm in the dunkin drive thru because friday
2	watchman may have drowned on the job on 16.07.15, at 9:11 p.m., police responded to a report of a watchman found...
2	some copies of "go set a watchman" by harper lee may have lines of text missing at the bottom of six pages between 252 and 277.
2	may your heart rest in the beautiful paradise of allah, my prayer for the gombe and damaturu victims of boko haram nigeria apcnigeria pdp
2	jjsredhots, are you doing anything special for national hot dog day, july 23??
2	national ice cream day sunday, july 19th is national ice cream day. click here to find out where you can get a free cone.
2	after a leadoff double by 88_gparra, ryan braun grounds to 1st to drive him in. brewers lead 1-0 in the 1st. milvspit
2	graisaac it has been iron maiden friday so far.
2	sunday is national ice cream day. just thought you all would like to know that in advance. these are the things i think about at midnight.
2	917thebounce may i remind you she's kida hot is number one on the itunes chart while bad blood is at number 50 play the more popular one
2	jonronson is in the guardian today, so i had to buy it, but 1st, i read about go set a watchman and daniel kahneman and other stuff
2	so tomorrow is national ice cream day in america, but not exactly canada. see, this is why you americans are so fucking fat.
2	"if a country is not in control of its borrowing. borrowing will take over the country" - george osborne (uk minister - born: may 23, 1971).
2	floyd mayweather's dallying may mean a rematch with oscar de la hoya... and then another date with manny pacquiao
2	so dean ambrose doesn't have a match tomorrow..... dean &amp; undertaker don't have any feuds going on if you catch mu drift. deanvstaker
2	yourself into it. by listening to kpop, kculture comes with it. you may not agree with their culture and that's fine as long as it's in a
2	walking out of dunkin and the guy says "okay, see you tomorrow!"
2	ryan braun ties the game at three with a base hit in the 3rd with two outs. -ri
2	i just listed: 'rolling stone september 1 2011 red hot chili peppers on cover, glen campbel...', for 5.95 via amazon
2	josh hamilton doubles to start the 6th. hard shot to the rf corner.
2	and josh hamilton homers for the rangers to lead off the 8th
2	do yourself a favor and look at ryan braun's stats this season. you may not like it, but he's still a franchise player. brewers
2	did you know? in 1984, president reagan made july national ice cream month &amp; established national ice cream day the 3rd sunday in the month!
2	what should i wear to the taylor swift concert tomorrow? what would my bad blood character name be? these questions will keep me up tonight.
2	the top 3 in the miss united nations pageant: miss usa (winner), miss australia (1st runner up), miss india (2nd...
2	as i never have tweeted a line from the new paul mccartney song i dreamed of a while ago, here is a line "you may be sitting on a bus"
2	'can you imagine mail on sunday asking the weight of the pm, george osborne or any other leading politician?'
2	surely everyone has heard of the "paul dunne vs rules official" on the 18th green in statesborough story. worldwar3
2	hope paul dunne's boss lets him have tomorrow off for the final round. theopen
2	not sure my eyesight can handle the prospect of lookalikes jordan spieth and paul dunne playing together tomorrow
2	paul dunne may be an amateur, but he is a co-leader at theopen and is older than his fellow co-leader, jordan spieth.
2	paul dunne makes another par at the 13th to stay -11. meanwhile, jordan spieth is just short of the green at the road hole (17th) theopen
2	would the bigger story be 3rd straight major for jordanspieth or win by an am from ireland, paul dunne, dunners11? hmmm
2	1st song of the day: "no hurry" by zac brown band
2	jordan spieth finishes the round at -6, is currently tied for 2nd with paul dunne and jason day (all -11) at the open.
2	paul dunne may be the solo leader very soon....
2	paul dunne (amateur) made birdie at 15th (-12), co-leader with danny willet. theopen
2	keep it going paul dunne. managed to get on him earlier when his odds were enormous. same again tomorrow will be laughing. theopen2015
2	when paul dunne made his 3 wishes, perhaps he should have been more specific than "1 be leading up the 18th on sunday at the open" bbcgolf
2	this may come as a surprise: paul dunne isn't even in the top 50 in golfweek/sagarin college rankings:
2	heading to the 18th amateur paul dunne still has a share of theopen lead. live:
2	2015 theopen : paul dunne ( a ) co-leader with -12 , hile 17 in r3 on july 19 at the old course in st andrews, scotland,play in progress
2	paul dunne is suddenly british! bbcsport tarmakbert if he loses tomorrow he'll probably be irish again no doubt. theopen2015
2	paul dunne's gonna puke on the first tee tomorrow. god love the kid, but he doesn't have any idea what he's in for tonight/tomorrow morning
2	it's every golfers dream to walk the 18th at st andrews on sunday leading theopen just a shame for paul dunne the final round is tomorrow
2	paul dunne at the 18th tee with the bridge over the swilcan burn and the royal &amp; ancient golf club in the...
2	paul dunne posts 6-under 66 and he'll have some serious francis ouimet undertones going on during tomorrow's final round.
2	take a bow paul dunne an amateur golfer who is co-leading the theopen after his 3rd round theopen
2	paul dunne at -12, very possible that he'll be tied for the lead heading into tomorrow.
2	paul dunne looked embarrassed after that round and to be at the top of the leaderboard as an amateur! good luck for tomorrow! theopen2015
2	paul dunne finishes on -12 and is tied at the top of the leaderboard at theopen greystones golf club will be a busy place tomorrow
2	just been watching irish golf amateur paul dunne finish as joint leader going into tomorrow's final round. well...
2	paul dunne's 3rd round score of 66 is the lowest ever score by an amateur in the open! what an achievement!
2	click this link and retweet that tweet if you want a chance to get gifted calibraska!
2	paul dunne shares theopen lead after 54 holes. if it holds, would be 1st amateur to do so since bobby jones (1927).
2	"hopefully i can steal a little more from the bookies tomorrow." - paul dunne
2	paul dunne after birdie on 10: "cool to lead the open on the back nine on sunday. a different kind of sunday, but..."
2	don't worry paul dunne will slap it around 78 times tomorrow
2	"make contact with the ball." - paul dunne, when asked what his thoughts will be on the first tee tomorrow at theopen
2	espn: "what will you be thinking when you tee off tomorrow out last at the open?" paul dunne: "make contact with the ball."
2	paul dunne (a) openchampionship was asked what will go through your mind when you tee off on monday "make contact with the ball"
2	was the guy interviewing paul dunne trying to scare him for monday's round? theopen2015 letsseeyougetincontention easeup
2	paul dunne, an amateur currently tied for british open lead, on what he'll think tomorrow on the 1st tee: "make contact w/ the ball." focus
2	tom rinaldi asks paul dunne what he'll be thinking if he tees off monday with share of lead. "make contact with the ball." great stuff.
2	british open updates: amateur paul dunne among three leaders: paul dunne walked off the 18th green at st. andrews on sunday with a sh...
2	tom rinaldi didn't want to end his interview with paul dunne until dunne was properly intimidated by tomorrow. way to drive it home tom.
2	paul dunne focusing on game plan over (outcome) goals going into tomorrow's final round controlthecontrollables theopen2015 golf
2	3 way tie going into monday's final day.they are jason day and paul dunne and last winner here louis oosthuizen.speith just one back
2	how about paul dunne from uabathletics at the openchampionship at standrews 1st amateur since bobby jones in '27 to lead after 54 holes.
2	rinaldi asked paul dunne anything to get his mind turning before the finale tomorrow. at least he didn't ask him about shanking?? theopen
2	uab's paul dunne will play in final group monday with louis oosthuizen. jason day will play with jordan spieth. britishopen
2	dustin johnson has become notorious for choking on sunday at any tournament with the word "open" in it
2	willett joined by dustin johnson in that catching it in your shorts late department. 1st to 18th in no time. watching another major go away
2	dustin jonshon doing dustin johnson things on the back 9. time for spieth to go fetch him the 3rd leg of the grand slam. bestintheworld
2	102 days ago paul dunne finished t22 at the old waverly collegiate championship. tomorrow he's playing in the final pairing at theopen
2	what a final round we have ahead of us tomorrow. am paul dunne part of a 3-way tie for the lead at -12. spieth 1 back. 25 within 7 shots
2	rq1927 seymouranthony harryhill99 therealkp1985 the open - leaderboard love it hope paul dunne is top tomorrow?
2	dustin johnson on round of 75: "i hit plenty of good shots, just couldn't roll it in." says he needs something in 62-63-64 range tomorrow.
2	how can you not root for paul dunne tomorrow? with all the mini tours i didn't think there were amateurs capable of contending at a major.
2	dustin johnson is fast becoming the greg norman of bad luck in golf majors. i hope dj's misfortune turns into something positive on monday.
2	fil-aussie jason day is currently tied for the lead in the british open at -12 together with paul dunne and louis oosthuizen after 3rd round
2	if you had told paul dunne he'd be leading the open on sunday evening...
2	dustin johnson to local course: "any tee times saturday?" course: "no, but can we book something for you on sunday?" dj: "no thanks."
2	joint-leader amateur paul dunne 16/1 to win the open championship tomorrow. padraig harrington is 18/1. jordan spieth tops market at 5/2!
2	paul dunne tees off in the final group tomorrow at 2:30 pm while padraig harrington is off at 2:10 pm...
2	at least dustin johnson didn't wait til the final round to implode. guess he didn't get the memo that sunday was actually the 3rd round.
2	irish amateur paul dunne is one of three players leading the open before the final round on monday at st andrews.
2	paul dunne shares 3rd-round lead at the open. ... wait, who?!?!
2	sunday is just not dustin johnson's day
2	i hope paul dunne doesn't collapse tomorrow, so many contenders for the jug going into final round! theopen
2	if you aren't pulling for paul dunne tomorrow at theopen2015 you have no soul.
2	"sportsjoedotie: 2.30 tee time for paul dunne tomorrow. he's playing with louis oosthuisen. podge harrington out at 2.10" theopen coybig
2	i would say the same thing paul dunne said about nerves on first tee tomorrow "just make contact with the ball"
2	paul dunne, amateur co-leader at the open, entered the tourney at 1500:1 odds (via oddschecker) and entered sunday at 300:1 lvsuperbook.
2	danwolken there's just something about sunday's that throws dustin johnson off. maybe he can get back going on monday.
2	interesting how paul dunne is going to do tomorrow.
2	paul dunne may be leading theopen, but the race for the silver medal is far from over yet -&gt;
2	that would be greystones co wicklow's paul dunne tied for the lead at the open championship class from louis57tm
2	can paul dunne get it done on monday?
2	if the pga tour just played thursday friday saturday. dustin johnson would win every tournament
2	dustin johnson plays an approach on the 2nd hole during the third round of the 144th open championship at the old...
2	paul dunne is 14/1 to win the open tomorrow what do your followers think on his chances myracingtips, if not then who ???
2	keuchel strikes out the side in the 6th....only josh hamilton has failed to k against the lefty...astros lead 5-0 astros mlb
2	open golf championship live tomorrow from 1pm in the terrace &amp; on the big screen in the rineanna bar can paul dunne become open champion?
2	meninblazers just saw paul dunne tee off on the 12th at the open...classic big bottom small. lol
2	well dustin johnson played like he does every sunday in a major theopen2015
2	there's nowhere i'd rather be on a sunday night than dq when it's national ice cream day and 90 degrees sarcasm
2	george osborne now just trolling:
2	calling all progressives: help us reform the welfare state | george osborne | a heffalump trap if ever i saw one.
2	started following paul dunne, dunners11 on friday. he had 950 followers. right now he's at 13,400.
2	paul dunne at 2015 british open: sunday leaderboard score and twitter reaction | bleacher ...: that support he...
2	paul dunne &amp; his uabathletics teammates played in thesagamoreclub fall collegiate preview in 2014. dunne may win the theopen tomorrow.
2	i saw paul dunne on the range on monday. convinced myself he was jordan spieth...
2	paullawriegolf minoguetom dunners11 if paullawriegolf can't win the open tomorrow then i want paul dunne dunners11 from wicklow to win!
2	paul dunne has made less bogeys (2) than anyone else in the field thus far. i think he has a chance tomorrow theopen
2	totally just realized paul dunne won't get a cent of the 1.8m first place prize if he wins theopen tomorrow.
2	despite sitting in solo 4th, jordan spieth is the favorite (+275) to win british open. can still get +1960 on co-leader paul dunne.
2	george osborne recently parked his tanks on labour's lawn. now he's turned off the engines:
2	dustin johnson knew it was tomorrow he was supposed to choke right, even though it's sunday.
2	maybe dustin johnson (-7) prefers the final round of the open tomorrow, sundays have not been his best days; (+3) on a day where many were -
2	hi skysportsgolf is it possible for paul dunne to turn from amateur to pro between 3rd and 4th rounds of open. solveabet
2	did anyone tell dustin johnson that it was only the 3rd round today?
2	sheamus vs randy orton is pretty much a sunday night heat feud at this point. i mean, without the heat obviously. wwebattleground
2	here comes randy orton, the inanimate object rollins mentioned in his flubbed promo last monday.
2	i thought dustin johnson chokes on 18 in majors? does this mean he will win tomorrow?
2	apparently, it's national ice cream day. i didn't get the memo. sorry. i'll get us some tomorrow.
2	really hope dustin johnson shoots something in the low 60's tomorrow and is at least in contention. so many haters out there.
2	has randy orton just thought about bringing a sun lamp and using it on shamus to end the match? wwebattleground
2	16th hats in the last verse of bad blood are soooo sick
2	i like dustin johnson a lot but i have no confidence in him closing out a major ---unfortunately he probably won't get a chance tomorrow
2	.globeandmail, it's jul 19th, 9:35 pm &amp; your app is showing a british open story claiming dustin johnson as leader?
2	sunday seems to be a bad day for dustin johnson to play in majors!! maybe mondays will be better.
2	dustin johnson gagged another sunday the majors. did anyone tell him he still has to play monday?
2	national ice cream day without blue bell is like the 4th of july without america bluebell
2	sophcherniawski i did not. we have her dance everyday so we will make one tomorrow. she's done summer by calvin harris, bad blood, &amp; others
2	moms gone, it's national ice cream day, and school starts tomorrow. this is dinner. ben jerry
2	dustin johnson will pound the driver on monday and must make big putts early. spieth will handle the pressure. watch out for goosen.
2	paul dunne would miss out on a $1.8 million dollar payday if he wins tomorrow. he is an amateur.
2	july 19th is national ice cream day in the us. can you answer the following jag ice cream trivia? -- borrowed...
2	floyd mayweather is yet to announce who he will fight on september 12, in what could be his last professional bout before retiring, but he
2	bally chuene had ads in the sunday papers inquiring whether the building truly collapse or foul play,perhaps even boko haram? your thoughts?
2	it's still eid. 3rd day of eid.
2	not sure if it's the 3rd day of eid or a regular normal sunday.
2	eid was on sat.&amp; bajrangibhaijaan is salman khan's film with no-action,good wom. only monday(if not low)&amp; tuesday boc can make things clear
2	george osborne writing in the guardian. not surprisingly, comments have been closed but funny none the less.
2	our eid offer ends tomorrow. have you booked your appointment yet? floatuae
2	hate to say randy orton is underrated but too many people sleep/shit on him. had he been in cenas spot wed have seen 10 yrs of great matches
2	46yearsofhurt leethommo there may even have been two "sanctuary"s in the top 40 at about the same time; viz the iron maiden single.
2	amal_786 here it's over, eid on friday,4th day no eid madam_robena sassi2612 anjum_03 lubnakhan67 family_sameera amusirftum69
2	last day of eid is feeling like sunday before monday.
2	hellokarachi eidmubarak which food would you prefer to eat on eid 3rd day?
2	paul dunne may only get a silver medal if he wins theopen today but one suspects he won't need to worry about money for a while if he does.
2	want to find out more about how eid al-fitr is celebrated around the world? join us in the pg hub tomorrow!
2	tomorrow's eid holiday in pakistan is wholly unnecessary -- today is the third day of eid and should have been enough
2	rabta kamati ko q bol rhe ho bhooka marne ke lye,eid ke bad tou wo wasy he mar jaye gy ranges ke khuf sa
2	chat chand rat 4pm se eid wale din subh 6am light band eid k 2nd day 1pm se rat 2am light nahe thi eid ka 3rd day 2pm light band hogai ...
2	let me confess.....i had nihari on 2nd day of eid....and guess what the meat was extra tender and delicious...donkey???
2	mikeandmike 1500 to 1? that may explain dustin johnson's 75, if you know what i mean,
2	celebrating my new pulsar 220, iphone 6 &amp; 3rd day of eid at gate way of india &amp; taj mahal hotel - mumbai
2	oh look dustin johnson has blew up again lol. 7/4 after the 2nd round in places can now be backed at 50/1. theopen dustinjohnson choker
2	picture of eid 2nd day in solo.
2	acha hua yeh eid bhi tanha guzar gai....!! . . . galay se lag k rotay agr woh aa jaatay.....!! 3rd and the last day of eid.
2	man its unbelievable that paul dunne is even leading going into championship monday
2	george osborne has decided to spoof to the left in an attempt to broaden support for decimating welfare. the tit.
2	hayat alamr bil ma'roof (the religious police in saudi, on eid) may allah preserve the land of tawheed.
2	to be clear, paul dunne isn't "missing out" on potential prize money. he was never competing for that prize money in the 1st place.
2	sherryrehman its 4th day of eid here in kpk and all around the muslim world.
2	dustin johnson wishes the tournament just got called by wind saturday.
2	queensryche issue arrow of time :- hear first track from 2nd album with todd la torre sounds like iron maiden to me.
2	dustin johnson hasn't made a par in his last 10 holes -- seven bogeys and three birdies stretching back to the 15th in the third round.
2	omar_quraishi in uae eid came on friday and saturday (which is usually off) no extra day was given. don't know why we love chutiyaan
2	it's astounding the difference in dustin johnson's game during the 1st and 2nd rounds of a major compared the 3rd and 4th rounds
2	wish the bbc would 1. wipe the cameras 2. stop showing paul dunne lining up his shots from the 17th at the augusta national all day
2	paul dunne will make bogey on the 2nd. tough start for the amateur, but after a boat of provisionals, could be worse... theopen2015
2	paul dunne drops a shot at the 2nd after finding trouble off the tee. he's back to 10-under with louis oosthuizen leading at 13-under.
2	bogey, bogey start for paul dunne. that 2nd hole could have been much worse though. dunne is no longer the leading amateur theopen
2	hate to say it but paul dunne may not even be leading amateur. oliver schneiderjens in the clubhouse on -9 for the tournament... theopen
2	hey, no matter what happens to paul dunne, he can always say he led theopen at the end of the day on sunday.
2	c'mon paul dunne enough with the bogeys! it's birdie time!! theopen standrews golf
2	paul dunne (a) is +2 after just two holes and has fallen back and is t-11th theopen2015
2	paul dunne gets a birdie on the 3rd. good effort after torrid start. zach johnson now tied with oosthuizen. 9 within 2 of the lead.theopen
2	paul dunne w/ jacket: 2 bogeys on 1st 2 holes, without jacket: 1 birdie. keep the jacket off kid! amateur finalround theopen dunners11
2	paul dunne, 22, of ireland, formerly of the uab golf team &amp; 1st amateur in 88 yrs to be in the lead british open.
2	paul dunne sinks a birdie on the third hole to get back to 11-under. he is tied for 10th in the final round of theopen
2	british open: monday's tee times, tv schedule: paul dunne, a 22-year-old amateur, has one stroke back from the...
2	murrphilia and then y u didn't prepare urself for eid 2nd day.....
2	dustin johnson must have celebrated a bit too hard and too prematurely on sat night. he finishes at -4 dropping 6 shots in the final 2 days.
2	dustin johnson somehow just went from 1st to 50th in two rounds.
2	dustin johnson was the leader after 2 rounds of the british open. he's finished the 4th round &amp; is currently tied for 50th.
2	tyler_tremelle was angry at me after friday because dustin johnson was outperforming jordan spieth. he's now quite happy with me.
2	paul dunne has an even par front nine. he is -12 and three off the lead at the open. harrington has birdied the 11th
2	haven't paid attention to the british open since friday. what did you do dustin johnson? what did you do?
2	3rd day of eid is now going to end.... how was your eid friends ?? did you miss mubii...
2	paul dunne now tied for 19th through 13 holes. he is 4-over on the day and 8-under overall.
2	dustin johnson may wind up being another in the long list of athletes with "million dollar arm and five cent head" ... hope not
2	3rd day of eid, still can't find a place to park my car. . celebrations every where!
2	paul dunne found the courage to attack the 17th tee which day, one behind, didn't. i'm sorry, i can't get over that. hasn't been said on air
2	dean ambrose stopped by the studio to talk about wwe monday night raw tonight at sprint center!! make sure you...
2	breaking: jordan spieth is human. also, dustin johnson submits formal request to the pga for majors to be played from wednesday to saturday.
2	paul dunne cards final round 78 to go from leading theopen to finishing as 4th best amateur. still, at least it didn't cost him anything.
2	imrankhananchor beenishsaleem it's a cut out of a newspaper. tomorrow will be the first day for papers to come out after eid. factcheck
2	bhaijee1 fatimahlove92 muzzamilali8 no my pockets are empty ... 3rd day of eid ....
2	is paul mccartney really hidden inside a birthday cake in the 4th episode of the new season of the netflix animated series bojack horseman?
2	obama hopeful his reset with nigeria can boost fight against boko haram: president obama on monday praised new...
2	raghavrathi6 not sure exactly. but looking at previous years, 1-2 days after eid, which means it ended on monday.
2	there were clues the administration had a connection to the rolling stone rape hoax. this is pretty definitive
2	3rd round co-leader amateur paul dunne shot a +6 to finish in 30th place after realizing he is amateur paul dunne.
2	bono,paul mccartney &amp; freddie mercury together on stage during the live aid concert at wembley stadium on 13 july '85
2	breaking: floyd mayweather is officially set to square off with andre berto in september. via tmz_sports
2	i was wishing to see raees in christmas 2015 &amp; dilwale on eid 2016 at the beginning of the year. but delay in fan from 14 august ruined.
2	same is done by pakistan army in awaran balochistan since the 1st day of eid, what's the difference btw them two?
2	greenville avenue pizza company -gapco is taking it old school for national hot dog day! on wed, july 23 (11 am -...
2	when you get reality check on 4th day of eid.
2	local business continued: i just wanted that smug female mma wrestler to see what floyd mayweather may have encountered in the past
2	in honor of july 23rd being national hot dog day the the nashville sun times has listed the best hot dogs in...
2	gotta feel for paul dunne, the guy finished as the 4th amateur after having the 54-hole lead.
2	piece of mind by iron maiden was no.14 in the uk album charts on 20 july 1983
2	big955chicago what time is the country thunder ticket giveaway at dunkin donuts tomorrow?
2	so brock lesnar is just going to throw every single person on the roster into the sun? great. raw
2	d1:highest on preeid,d2:highest on eid,d3:highest single day ever,d4:highest monday par with day1,each day is a record 4 bajrangibhaijaan.
2	the 5th day of eid visiting other family homes me visit family homes ootd hijab
2	kurt angle is the only man to pin or submit brock lesnar in singles competition from june-august in mma or pro wrestling. he did it 3 times
2	paul heyman you sip form jail till brock lesnar attacking the undertaker authority on this wednesday 22 f 11
2	raw aaaaaand randy orton becomes the 3rd person ever to pin rusev. whoever's booking rusev should step down or resign.
2	josh hamilton flies out to center... we are going to the bottom of the 9th tied at 7! nevereverquit
2	last day of eid holidays...preparations for office tomorrow... timeflies dontwannago
2	salmanholicbhai faysalquraishi sir has already declared it on 17 july that jkd would be on 20 july as yesterday it was 3rd of eid.
2	amel shirt ,missing from eid 1st day,mentally abnormal hai kisi ko bhi itlaaaah milay please is number per contact karein 03332386735, ...
2	the multinational joint task force put together to battle the boko haram insurgency is expected swing into action on july 21st -femi adesina
2	major summerslam match announced the undertaker vs. brock lesnar ~~ the deadman seeks revenge against the beast on august 23rd
2	ever since eid started i've been eating a gazillion calories per day i should really go back to eating healthy &amp; exercising..tomorrow maybe?
2	aashiq al rasul will be at eid in trafalgar square this saturday and will be launching khairil inam the best of...
2	shadesofsunrise agreed, but i have a salary account and you may reconsider it, how much it could be left after eid
2	starting to know how paul dunne felt yesterday walking to the 1st tee
2	busy day for commons select committees, which are hearing from 4 cabinet ministers: amber rudd, george osborne, theresa may &amp; philip hammond
2	wwerollins,u may have 2 defend ur title against brock lesnar anew due 2 the undertaker attacking him just as he was about 2 b wwe champion.
2	presuming calibraska isn't going to be a pre-order anymore and will just drop 24th
2	nadeemhaque ninoqazi zahidgishkori factual error: army chief did not spend eid night there as he was in pindi for open house sat evening.
2	"bad blood (feat. kendrick lamar)" by taylorswift is uk's top 36 on the singles chart as of the 17th of july 2050
2	floyd mayweather announces to fight for the last time in september. will prolly equal marciano's 48-0 record but wont go out with a bang....
2	"northern elders ask dasuki not to go to court so as not to reveal the activities of boko haram sponsors"... enjoy!!
2	the bagrangi new pic,of salman khan that very famous in pak cenema's at the 1st day of eid that pic,made 1.5 milion rs lolywood/bolywood
2	local teams of c&amp;w, irrigation &amp; phe are in chitral from eid's 1st day &amp; have carried out the damage assessment kpkupdates
2	brock lesnar and the undertaker brawl on monday night raw part 1
2	is brock lesnar a beast? find out on the raw podcast. rawkansascity undertaker
2	'wwe raw': undertaker and brock lesnar brawl for it all: sunday night at battleground, the undertaker cut down...
2	what does everyone think between the undertake and brock lesnar on monday night way ? staged or real ???
2	bad blood is nominated for practically every vma under the sun and i'm surprised it's not in the 'video with a social message' category
2	tuesday is typically 'me' day...i go to dunkin, i see a movie, i get taco bell... but too many people need me today:-/
2	undertaker is going to defeat brock lesnar
2	marina will be performing an acoustic set on the 1st of august as part of rolling stone mag's 'chicago: live' event:
2	just heard "bad blood" by t-swiffle for the 4th time today. i think it's time to go home.
2	houston just 8-15 in the 2 weeks following each sharknado release. sharknado 3 comes out wed. awexler mj4sports
2	dmisharam there is no 4th day in eid in the first place. einstein
2	jack-groves is likely being rescheduled for september 12th on floyd mayweather's undercard at the mgm grand in las vegas. boxingrt
2	richardblais thursday is national hot dog day!
2	dodgers roll after sharknado. that's just fact.
2	was just told sharknado 3 comes out tomorrow lol
2	jayonjays yup from the oakland athletics...so there are times were players take advantages of 2nd chances some arent...josh hamilton,
2	how do you like your mhdog? let us know on national hot dog day this thursday by using mhdog buffalodog
2	sdoughtymp hi stephen, wanted to double check with you on your availability for eid dinner on sat 25th at the orchards from 11:30 to 13:30
2	pg_f1 quest for fire - iron maiden, because we've lost the sun and we must find it soon.
2	i hope i can catch sharknado 3 oh hell no tomorrow night idc how bad it is
2	bold prediction michelledbeadle is the 1st shark victim in sharknado 3 oh hell no
2	mariners thrive in weeks following a sharknado movie release: the movie release may spell bad news for the tor...
2	does anyone from sharknado 3 want to jump on the air in st. louis tomorrow? cassiescerbo iamjericho frankiemuniz mbsings pennjillette
2	in honor of national hot dog day on july 23. i advise you to forget this article before you eat your half-dozen.
2	if eid falls on a friday, is it obligatory to pray the friday prayer?
2	psa: sharknado 3 premiers tomorrow night on syfy at 9/8c. stay tuned for a live tweet of the event.
2	by martyn herman st andrews, scotland, july 18 (reuters) - more than 24 hours after dustin johnson began his second round at the
2	there's this video that's gone viral stating saudi gave the wrong information regarding eid ul fitr. apparently eid was on saturday:/
2	((closed)) john kasich on what it will take to beat hillary clinton: ohio gov. john kasich sat down with abc n...
2	i wonder who'll play nicki in the 2nd video for bad blood?
2	so tomorrow night we can see keselowski race at eldora or get eaten on sharknado. which would you choose to see?
2	mega shark vs kolossus in preparation for the release of sharknado 3 tomorrow! birthdaymonth syfy
2	bad blood has women from multiply races in the video, anaconda has girls shaking their butt.....like c'mon now, this is not about race.
2	bradkeselowski i may just have to watch sharknado 3 tomorrow haha
2	johndingell jeffreygoldberg sharknado 3 on tomorrow night. if you want we can start a twitter campaign to get you on sharknado 4
2	you may have sold your soul to the devil... but your ass belongs to brock lesnar!!!heymanhustle wwe brocklesnar
2	i live in ohio, let me say, no, just, no. gov. john kasich is 16th notable entry into gop race - news - ohio
2	john kasich: today seems like a good day to control the media cycle. nice, calm tuesday" twitter: "taylor swift said what!?!"
2	john kasich announced his presidential bid tuesday. get to know all of the 2016 candidates:
2	paul dunne: under the southern sun: stories of the real italy and the americans it created: recently there has been a
2	c'mon guys we all knew taylor was gonna do something eventually when lena dunham showed up in the bad blood video.
2	this vma drama is just trying to distract us from sharknado 3 tomorrow
2	also can u imagine the think pieces if nicki were the one w/ a video abt having "bad blood" w/ another artist
2	live on periscope: hollywood in the house....autograph guy preparing for sharknado 3 premiere tomorrow
2	anyone interested in 2 tickets to the sunday, august 9th zac brown band show at fenway. grandstand 21, row 2, $70 per ticket
2	john kasich in and out within a few days because of the trump trumpet!
2	watching sharknado is the only call with sharknado3 coming tomorrow
2	my latest reaction to the undertaker return and how monday night raw went down with him and brock lesnar wwe
2	cmr_2 will you be watching sharknado 3 tomorrow when it premieres, or do you have to work?
2	prince george turns two tomorrow! see who made the royal party guest list
2	i hear the mariners are 19-3 following the past two releases of sharknado. sharknado3 comes out wednesday. gomariners statsarefun
2	adam_squid_ward yo dawg, friendly reminder about sharknado tomorrow. you still up to come?
2	frankiemuniz catching up on sharknado tonight. ready for tomorrow
2	happy sharknado 3 eve. may the plot be thin and the cameos ridiculous.
2	so anybody have plans to host or attend a watch party for sharknado 3 wednesday night at 9 pm on the syfy...
2	well they stole josh hamilton from the cubs! why not schwarber, too?!
2	can it just be tomorrow so i can see cassiescerbo in sharknado 3 sharknado3 ohhellno
2	why on eid military officers looked like national leaders? where were the politicians?
2	so, who's coming over tomorrow night to watch sharknado 3 with me?
2	watching sharknado. this is a hilarious movie! sharknado 3 premieres on syfy tomorrow! some of it was filmed at universal studios orlando!
2	oh you know, just making sure my schedule tomorrow allows me to watch sharknado 3
2	john kasich: every other monday: twenty years of life, lunch, faith, and friendship: where do you go when the water r
2	someone sat down and wrote this chorus. i'm fed up. "we are the new americana high on legal marijuana raised on biggie and nirvana"
2	did thordis just say that prince george "may be" king one day? bit threatening...
2	we all gun have problems if you don't watch sharknado 3 tomorrow though...
2	king_sadashiva +ticket rates and still eid mana rahe the log monday tuesday tak..dilwale ka bhi monday tuesday huge hoga wait n watch bro
2	news to mark prince george's 2nd birthday a new photo has been released of the toddler &amp; prince william today
2	the sun will be following prince george around today on his 2nd b day checking he doesn't raise his right arm in the air georgefeurer
2	thetodayshow klgandhoda i know you all will make a big dial over prince george bday, remember winnie fallon july 23rd. orangeroom
2	london (ap) " prince george celebrates his second birthday on wednesday and while he's just a toddler, he's al...
2	iam_nn1165 taran_adarsh abhi tu ankh se anso nikal rha hain nxt eid pr teri gand se blood aa gaye lolxx 5th day 152 crores
2	at 8: more pictures of child abuse flood the web &amp; it's prince george's 2nd birthday today.
2	updatesbo they're wrong, for kick the effect was there till thurs cause eid fell on tue!this time eid on sat so effect over by mon ayush_a
2	prince george is having a helicopter themed 2nd birthday party. i wonder if bronny will try to crash it. royalparty bronnygate crash
2	gmb on the day of prince george's 2nd birthday don't you think my nearly 2 year old looks like him?!
2	old school wrestling from the theddkshow don't miss monday's episode on brock lesnar defeating john cena at...
2	my birthday tomorrow and if it doesn't get as much coverage as prince george's i'm going to suspect this royalty thing really isn't fair.
2	prince george turns 2 years old on wednesday, and while many people would assume he'll be sho... hollywooddivas
2	business: john kasich may be the democratic party's worst nightmare
2	imrankhanpti on 4th day of eid .... kuch shirm aur haya hote hai mager yeh dono app pass kaha hai?
2	googleuk george_ezra clarencehouse boygeorge actually prince george is 2nd on the list of georges so he's "first in line".
2	chloe grace moretz is seen out and about wearing daisy dukes and a rolling stone shirt on july 20, 2
2	manchester the clear focus of george osborne's northernpowerhouse devolution
2	ohio gov. john kasich launched his long-shot bid for the white house on tuesday, casting himself as an underdog...
2	prince george is two today. i hope he doesn't angrily destroy his birthday cake like i did on my 2nd birthday familylegend
2	if you phone in sick on monday, you really must remember by wednesday *not* to post pictures of yourself in dunkin' donuts workfail
2	nirvana tribute concert friday july 31st at pine street bar in livermore, with tributes to green day and the...
2	marty's dogs of miami: marty's dogs no. 171-in praise of the all-american... tomorrow: national hot dog day. eat up!
2	gulmakay :p nd im on job since 3rd day of eid :(
2	mlb brewers ryan braun will not be in the starting lineup for wednesday's game vs cleveland.
2	prince george, who celebrates his second birthday on tuesday 22 july, with his father, the duke of cambridge
2	i was vending on saturday at the eid at the mlk, jr. middle school i noticed a lot of people did not know...
2	kensingtonroyal hi i work for dailymirror video desk, may we please use this video on our website for a story about prince george's bday?
2	coming up on twitter! tonight: sharknado 3 (tired jokes!) tomorrow: trump visits the border friday: cynicism saturday: beach pictures!
2	here we had long weekend due to eid and it felt bad to go back to work after 5 days
2	zarakhokhar2 pehli baar sun raha houn mcq nahi tha. .-. i totally forgot you just as you forgot me on eid! d: how was eid?
2	monday night brawl with undertaker and brock lesnar
2	anyone who wants to to come to the sharknado party (starts at 4, 3rd one starts at 8) please bring $5 to help buy food, if you plan to eat
2	is john kasich, the 16th republican to run for president, conservative enough for 2016 voters?
2	if you're not planning to watch sharknado 3 tomorrow then idk what you're doing with your life tbh
2	7eleven what promotions are you offering for national hot dog day tomorrow?
2	prepping for tomorrow's national hot dog day. hot dog cupcakes with whipped icing weenie and condiments. it's a...
2	stilettoroyalty they will replay the hell out of sharknado 3. it'll be on all the time. we can always do it late tonight or probably thurs.
2	follow up sharknado 3 tomorrow with acadnatsci's mega-bad movie night: deep blue sea
2	i met the bake clean off josh hamilton on the 19th
2	i was all in on sharknado. never brought myself to watch 2. if anyone is watching 3 instead of gold cup tonight i may throw a shark at you.
2	so john kasich is the 3rd foxnews host to bid for 2016 gop nom for president? or am i missing someone?
2	would it be appropriate to have cake for prince george's 2nd birthday? realquestiontho bryden9
2	is there a decent karaoke spot in tulsa on a wednesday? i feel the need to do "number of the beast" by iron maiden in honor of thelostogle.
2	universal may have survived the selfie stick invasion... but now it must face the sharknado....
2	am i hallucinating? did newsnight just photoshop george osborne's face onto theresa may's body?
2	tomorrow's times leads with government child abuse cover up. newsnight go with allegra stratton's love letter to george osborne
2	c'mon taylorswift13.... it's time to speak up about yesterday and about bad blood.
2	lvrj where are you celebrating national hot dog day thursday? cheffinis at dtcontainerpark?
2	predicting a 4th sharknadosyfy film.. calling it "sharknado 4 : the final bite" or "get the f-5 out of here" &amp; brocklesnar guest stars.
2	in my 1st day in office i plan 2 pass a bill 4 a miss usa holiday. mlk has one; it's only fair: donald trump comedy
2	tomorrow's national hot dog day
2	here's your fair warning that tonight i'm taking a break from serious topics and watching sharknado 3. with wine. and may tweet about it.
2	gonna watch sharknado tonight just so i can talk about it with my kids tomorrow
2	the lazarus effect will be tweeted tomorrow. it's sharknado's night tonight
2	may we meet the next ramadhan and eid . in shaa allah.
2	22minutes until the sharknado hits for the 3rd time. oh hell no!!!! sharknado3 syfy toledo bbn
2	rlguitars hanging out here tomorrow but friday i will be down in prince george with my aunt.
2	the evil empire is throwing the annual iron maiden this saturday. lets show them what we have been up to. fresh...
2	for all of you watching sharknado, tucker just hit his 2nd homer of the game and it's the 5th inning! tucknado
2	so apparently i'm going to be the only person at mww15 tomorrow who didn't watch sharknado tonight. ohma welma.
2	capitalweather am i to understand that you, as weather experts, are saying that 'sharknado' may be based on science that is not 100% sound?
2	actual sharknado3 forecast in real life would be like "22% chance of sharknado but that may vary as the hour gets later"
2	sharknado will set records for the number of watchers who have nothing better to do on a wednesday night.
2	what ebert said about the friday the 13th series is actually true of sharknado: whatever you say about one can stand for all of them.
2	excellencepw if i had a chance to be in sharknado 3 i may have actually followed the rules for entry
2	i may watch sharknado, but i draw the line at lavalantula. i have my standards.
2	ike58reese or just watch something more meaningful than sharknado!! cmon man! may i suggest neiltyson 's cosmos - feed your brain yo
2	at what point do we stop talking about sharknado3 and start discussing how tomorrow is national hot dog day?
2	all i did was look up "kpop" and bts was on the 3rd row. this makes me feel proud ????
2	mc2000watts mtv evidently kpop fans noticed it awhile ago-it may be too controversial to win now, uptown funk is a good choice for voty :)
2	kaylee bet i wouldn't get my tweet on sharknado and she may be right
2	ustheduo seriously. if you two are still in asheville on friday, i work at dunkin from 12-4. west asheville. i make a mean coolatta.
2	unscripted theater on fs2 and people are watching sharknado. (well, some of it may be scripted)
2	i'm convinced listening to the freak show tomorrow morning will be way better than that sharknado ending. fsmikey fsbigbob
2	for all friends watching sharknado tonight pls tag ur spoilers, i won't be watching till tomorrow thx
2	lrt: i'm planning to watch sharknado 3 tomorrow, but i just wanted to point out...um. nasa is tweeting about sharknado.
2	sharknado, ftw! c'mon, how could this not be the first thing listed? sharkmovies midnight
2	focus on the fact that we have to get calibraska to 1 tomorrow, not on petty drama lol
2	sharknado wipes out congress and the washington monument and gives the white house a new sun roof.
2	jfreemyer ohh. haha there were just two stories about nasa... sharknado will have to wait until tomorrow night.
2	just read an article claiming saudi arabia mistook saturn as the moon of eid-ul fitr. apparently eid was supposed to be on saturday.
2	im promoting the hell out of calibraska tomorrow. we are getting jack and jack to 1
2	i didn't watch sharknado 3 because i never saw the 2nd movie and thought i'd be lost.
2	kiss a guy you just met after riding amusement park rides then he get eaten by sharknado -- rough 1st date sharknado3
2	katy perry jabs taylor swift: katy perry may have spilled a little more "bad blood" in the taylo... gossip news
2	love it - george osborne ruined my yoga retreat
2	ok...that's about all i can take for today. i gotta watch sharknado in parts. i'll finish watching the rest tomorrow
2	sharknado 4 april must live. she just had a baby.
2	scared if exo disperse sometimes. alrdy 4th years since i was on kpop. but now i realized that this time is the hardest time i've ever done.
2	me right now with tao (because he used to be my 2nd bias): bad blood
2	jackandjackreal when you remember that calibraska comes out tomorrow calibraskaep
2	photo: the duke and duchess of cambridge leave hospital with their newborn son, prince george || july 23rd...
2	sorry he's not at the phone right meow, but josh hamilton can help you :]
2	john kasich is 16th republican to enter the race for white house
2	78db25a1867f4f7 aamirliaquat unho ne btaya tha k wo 3rd day of eid madine jaengy wheen hongy i think
2	kasich seeking gop presidential nomination: john kasich announced his run for the white house in 2016 tuesday....
2	paul mccartney's daughter, stella, and ringo starr's son, zak, share the same birthday: september 13th.
2	today is national hot dog day. thursday is already on that fufu lame shit, i ain't wit it.
2	text poll: since it's national hot dog day: ketchup or mustard on a hot dog? text "live + ur answer to 32961! (message/data rates may apply
2	it looks like more "bad blood" may have been spilled. a day after nicki minaj and taylor swift got into a...
2	i'm gonna be so pissed if i end up missing the release of calibraska tomorrow
2	july 23rd is national hot dog day. can you guess which mlb team charges the most for hot dogs?
2	national hot dog day today (thursday) what do you like on yours?
2	real clear politics- yes, sharknado 4 is happening: 'sharknado 3: oh hell no!' premiered in the u.s. wednesday...
2	binanair5 shruthibhat4 swethakrishna6 shrenuparikh11 sahrishhpirzada to be regular after eid busy time tomorrow also going out full day
2	did you know today is national hot dog day?
2	flying around the world for free sounds great, but this rolling stone profile may make you change your mind.
2	you vote! will april make it to sharknado 4? aprillives: ' will april make it to 'nado number 4? you d... (lb)
2	before any of my friends think im referring to them when i talk about "bad blood" if u know what happened to me sunday, u who this is about.
2	for some reason i always thought national hot dog day was on the 4th of july. learnsomethingneweveryday
2	tbt throwback thursday... blastin old school shit all day. iron maiden, the big 4, and more! metal thrash speed
2	jackjackjohnson calibraska isnt available in vietnam yet and it's july 24th boooiiii
2	bea's album tonight and then calibraska tomorrow yall know who's gonna get turnt tf up notanapology calibraksaep
2	here is a column i compare red sox situation to sharknado in the 11th paragraph. that is all ... via weei
2	1st this billboard writer implies i copied kpop, now lectures me to know it. what's the korean word for backtrack?
2	*notification sound* *checks phone* mlb at-bat: breaking: josh hamilton is a triple, double, single and hr short of the cycle. tomorrow.
2	dustin johnson will be partnered by danny willett in the final group for the delayed third round at the open championship on sunday.
2	j680anderson theonlysweeney why do i get the feeling tomorrow s&amp;l will be sharknado and tara reid questions?
2	bachata contest this friday with dj richie rich en nirvana !!
2	ham0nry burnley_penguin soundgarden may have been first, but w/o nirvana, i don't know that you hear pj and others nationally
2	alex_curry what do you think about the reaction is going to be for josh hamilton tomorrow first game back in anaheim?
2	i want to quit life and just audition for 'sharknado' movies until i land a role. at this rate, they'll be up to sharknado 100 by dec.
2	flashback friday: let's make it about music today! july 24 1965 was the day bob dylan's like a rolling stone went...
2	national hot dog day, or as i call it thursday!!!
2	there's an eid fair thing in mcr on fri/sat. i'll almost definitely be there tomorrow to push kids off the best rides
2	jonnyglen thought paul dunne might have done that on the 2nd tee
2	if i don't get a free hot dog tomorrow on national hot dog day, somebody's gonna pay, and somebody will gonna get hurt.
2	on today (july 23) in 1988 nirvana play at the central tavern in seattle. there were about 12 people in attendance.
2	watch "brock lesnar confronts and brawl with the undertaker - wwe raw july 20 2015" on youtube -
2	it was all about prince george at buckingham palace on wednesday. to celebrate the little royal's second birthday, the grenadier guards...
2	in case you missed it on raw this past monday, , you can watch the undertaker and brock lesnar destroy each other smackdown.
2	ashley_isabela it may have been written it just probably wasn't completely finished or nobody knew about calibraska yet
2	listening to calibraska tomorrow for i have a 5 hour car ride so i should learn all the lyrics by then jackjackjohnson jackgilinsky
2	new photo of prince william and prince george on princess charlotte's july 8th christening day relea
2	did not participate in national hot dog day today... i celebrate my personal favorite national food day next wednesday... look it up.
2	i wanna wait until jack and jack tweet out the link because when i look up calibraska, it says it was released on july 31st
2	why does the release date for calibraska says july 31st on itunes if it comes out tomorrow on the 24th ???
2	visaliarawhide alum zack godley k's ryan braun to end the 6th. 7 k's, 88 pitches, 66 for strikes, no runs, no bbs. leading 5-0.
2	i hope i can go to dunkin tomorrow bc it's the only thing that'll keep me awake/alive
2	calibraska is in 8th place in sweden rn let's get it to 1 calibrasksaep jackjackjohnson jackgilinsky
2	if one of the jacks follow me today...tomorrow i will go outside blasting calibraska anywhere i go calibraskaep
2	you're uncle should texted you get calibraska - ep by jack &amp; jack
2	itswassimo more like who isnt going to eid fest tomorrow
2	lost my voice at that kenny concert.. how am i suppose to sing at the jason aldean concert tomorrow?
2	john kasich is now the campaign2016 thelieswetellkids earthquake explainearthtospacealiens nathansykesgma
2	jake gyllenhaal, eminem and rolling stone contributing editor joe levy sat down at the youtube space in nyc to...
2	15 times prince george shook things up for the royal family - prince george turned two on tuesday! in...
2	a secret rocket ship to kill sharknado nasa looks like it's from the 70s sharknado3 the hoff may save us all!!!
2	...chris gough with siys...sharknado director, anthony c. ferrante ("sharknado 3: oh hell no!" debuted wed/ re-airs tomorrow 6pm on syfy)...
2	sunday at chambers bay presents the latest major opportunity for dustin johnson golf
2	off to dubai tomorrow - looking forward to seeing how the industry feels post ramadan and eid. keep you posted.
2	stephanie grace: why i want to see bobby jindal and john kasich debate via theadvocateno
2	*calls off work monday* cant come in, calibraska just came out jackjackjohnson jackgilinsky
2	please don't get us wrong, kpop groups won't come to barcelona on september 26. it's just a kpop meeting organized by fanbases :)
2	on this day in history july 24, 1965 bobdylan release "like a rolling stone"
2	rahul should carry some meow meow with him when he goes to ftii pune - he may relive his gods old bad days of nirvana in a cigar pipe
2	kenny chesney and jason aldean concert tonight and leave for mammoth tomorrow...one could say i'm spoiled with greatness rn
2	allah_ki_bandii he's offering eid prayer in which there are 3 extra takbeers per rakat, in 2nd rakat the extra takbeers r said before rukuh
2	who is going to the jason aldean &amp; kenny chesney concert tomorrow?
2	amwriting friday night diligence, working on 'chorus nightmare', iron maiden 'the number of the beast' feels apt.
2	so josh hamilton returns to anaheim for 1st time since the trade. big deal or not? let us know why/why not intentionaltalk live 5et
2	as i was walking to go sit on a bench, paul mccartney was sitting there smoking a cigarette and looking at the moon too. i sat by him and he
2	floyd mayweather's next opponent may confirm a popular theory about his final fight -
2	who's all going to jason aldean the 21st ?
2	class of 2016 tryouts august 13, 15, 16 - see you in prince george, at sfu or abby senior that weekend.
2	tarareid aprillives sharknadosyfy what's the point in sharknado without april? she makes the movie.
2	i told my son who was a fan of hulk hogan that it's alright to be disappointed and mad at him but down the line he deserves a 2nd chance.
2	about 100 here in a beer warehouse for john kasich's first iowa rally since he announced for president july 21.
2	new game show sat. hosted by colin cowherd and hulk hogan... who wants to marry a dominican? 10am in the ron jeremy ballroom.
2	martharose__ visiting nirvana by the water? under the sun, i hope?
2	wouldn't be shocked if hulk hogan returned to wwe for a 5th time, if the smoke clears between him and wwe. vince, how long will it go?
2	lmfao hulk hogan really got fired on his day off. on a friday, man.
2	world champion wrestler hulk hogan finally may have met an opponent he can't beat: his own mouth - tvonline
2	monday live interview. scott walker, john kasich, and the 2016 election wiunion wi wipolitics wigov uniteblue
2	brock lesnar showed up on raw last monday to brawl with undertaker.
2	on july 4th, i posted a video of the 80s pro wrestling entrance theme music of hulk hogan, titled 'i am a real...
2	yesterday was national hot dog day . . . or as michelle obama called it: thursday.
2	josh hamilton and i are making our returns at the big a, but josh's 1st since things went sour for him &amp; angels.
2	my sister has 2 tickets to see kenny chesney and jason aldean for tomorrow's concert. asking $150 cause she can't go. dm me if interested
2	4th street just went from playing jason aldean to acdc pick a genre, people.
2	pretty sure hulk hogan is not the 1st person to say something in private that he'd rather not be out in public. every single one of us has
2	don't forget to join naipod live tomorrow at noon on we're taking your calls on the hulk hogan situation be heard
2	if somebody were to edit the cgi sharks from sharknado into the day after tomorrow, i honestly wouldn't be able to tell the difference.
2	if i do end up going to the concert tomorrow, i'm gonna scream "cheater" when jason aldean walks on stage.
2	theceopundit floyd mayweather puts up $10,000 to help find the person who killed his jeweler: on sunday night...
2	after getting booed again, josh hamilton doubles off the rf wall on the 1st pitch of his 2nd at-bat. tropeano had retired 13 straight.
2	rangers up 3-1 in the 5th. that's what you get for booing josh hamilton. angels
2	ryan braun breaks scoreless tie with hr off patrick corbin on 1st pitch of 6th inning. lots of boos.
2	i liked a youtube video daniel bryan engages in a hulkamania pose-fest with hulk hogan: smackdown, april 11,
2	ryan braun's home run in the 6th puts gives the brewers a 1-0 lead. a.j. pollock, goldy, and david peralta will look to answer.
2	only dance i'm surprised didn't make the 10th sytycd anniversary show was "the garden."i bet mark's "kpop" one replaced it. still got mark!
2	josh hamilton is 2-for-3 tonight; nick tropeano leaves w/ 0 outs &amp; 2 on in 6th; 7 hits, 1 walk, 4 k, three earned (responsible for runners)
2	rangers add another run; josh hamilton scores his second run of the night on a chirinos safety squeeze. 4-1 rangers, middle of 7th.
2	josh hamilton scored rangers 4th run of the ballgame on a sac blunt in the 7th. mlb
2	when the sun don't ever shine, noche de nirvana:
2	ryan braun homered as the brewers beat the diamondbacks 2-1 on friday night. milwaukee has won 5 of their last 7 games.
2	from the network that brought you sharknado, comes lavalantula that's not even a joke, it's a real thing. tomorrow night at 9
2	conviction of yakub by highest courts is being 2nd guessed by the likes of sagarikaghose with zero knowledge of law. contempt of court?
2	cm punk posted the following on twitter late thursday night, in reference to the ongoing hulk hogan (cont)
2	yarn74 did you see where paul dunne hit his tee shot on the 2nd in his final round? beyondyarnterritory
2	good thing the kliq blu ray comes out tuesday. it's too late for them to digitally edit out hulk hogan's run in during the sting/hhh match!
2	the birds pt1 &amp; pt2, rolling stone, gone, the zone
2	so, if you have to go to work on a saturday, what better way to start the journey, than with nirvana? bbc6music
2	there is a dunkin iced coffee from june 27 in my fridge. i know it's there every time i open the fridge. but i just leave it there.
2	otd 1965 bob dylan played 'like a rolling stone' with electric guitar + rock band live for 1st time, prompting boos.
2	heliumballooons i think what you're trying to say is, you cant believe it's the 8th day of eid.
2	on eid ul fitr 2nd day we have visited kot di jo kilo, khairpur and sukkur group members: faraz, nouman, fayaz, umar and me
2	for hulk hogan's restaurant, hogan beach, it's business as usual - sioux...: ...hogan beach. on july 10, colto...
2	brooke hogan asks fans to forgive her father: london, july 25 : hulk hogan's daughter insists he isn't racist ...
2	join us at the eid multicultural festival 11.30 at brighton open market, london road tomorrow
2	email from netflix: here is a film you may like... sharknado - obvs don't follow me on twitter. no ta.
2	newbloodpod records hulk hogan's time in wcw tomorrow. and yes, the timing is a coincidence.
2	spot freaking on from tbrownyahoo: angels fans booed the wrong person friday when they targeted josh hamilton.
2	floyd mayweather defeated manny pacquiao in an unanimous decision on saturday night, with all three judges in las vegas agreeing on a
2	cyber1news iron sheik didn't take news of hulk hogan scandal well: hulk hogan hit rock bottom friday when he ...
2	the newly-crowned miss usa isn't afraid to talk about donald trump: source: - saturday...
2	hulk hogan may have said something stupid years ago which was very wrong. but you can't erase my childhood or his contribution to wrestling.
2	enda kenny with racist hulk hogan. hey wtf! hulk hogan, denis o'brien, pinochet's mate thatcher...fine gael love $$s
2	wwe are distancing themselves from hulk hogan like a guy who's instagram crush just posted a picture of her boyfriend on a monday.
2	worth reading. another troubling argument for why the publication of "watchman" may have been an act of elder abuse.
2	bookert5x i have one question if i may ask. when you did that promo of calling hulk hogan the n-word. did you go to him and apologize?
2	hulk hogan may love red white and blue but he doesn't like black hulkhogan
2	wwe lost $50 million on the stock market on friday following the hulk hogan racist comments being released to the...
2	hulk hogan may be in hot water right now, but his daughter is backing him up. brooke hogan took to facebook earlier to day to defend her
2	vancitycanuck88 you're confusing "bc" with "vancouver." didn't play soccer in december in prince george mc79hockey danielsquizzato
2	american professional wrestling legend known as hulk hogan has been dumped by world wrestling entertainment, the association said friday.
2	2nd day eid with azamkhnswati at swati house abbottabad great time with khan sb thank u so much sir for your time.
2	emma_barnes81 when are you back? was home for a week for eid now back to resume sweatfest 2015. back to the daily grind tomorrow sadface
2	hulk hogan uses n-word in sex tape, gets fired from wwe: well the wwe gave hulk hogan the boot on friday after...
2	holy shit. future me just sat down in front of me at dunkin.
2	josh hamilton got the mandatory boos when he returned to angel stadium friday. - daily news
2	ohio gov. john kasich sat down with abc news' george stephanopoulos and weighed in on a potential matchup with democratic presidential
2	look out for my sharknado interview with thunderlevin and acferrante on radiosaltire tomorrow after 4pm uk time 8am us time fintastic
2	akin gump, has been tapped to raise money for the presidential campaign of gov. john kasich, r-ohio, who kicked off his candidacy on tuesday
2	quiet saturday afternoon drinking ipas &amp; watching "sharknado" haven't seen it until today, whoever wrote it must have done some serious ipas
2	i raised this with george osborne on tues. tory u-turn on manifesto pledge on social care will cost savings &amp; homes.
2	mlb rangers josh hamilton will not be in the starting lineup for saturday's game vs los angeles. thejoshhamilton
2	minipeg there's going to be a 4th according to the end of 3. i think it should be "sharknado 4: seriously? wtf?"
2	dbacks brewers. lucroy grounds out to 2nd base. 2 outs. more boos for ryan braun as he walks up to the plate.
2	kookie_jar98 yes, kookie is the 2nd worst wrecker. jimin is the 1 bias wrecker. there's no one in kpop who's a bigger wrecker than him xd
2	he was like my 4th bias when i started getting into kpop
2	sharknado may have had david hasselhoff on the moon, but it didn't have steve guttenberg as iron man. lavalantula
2	bajrangi bhai jan i do agree with you brother should not be hanged for brother. but mr. yakub is also accused......
2	tada judge knew "search for yakub was not effected at a place near where he was apprehended"
2	beingsalmankhan italy may refuse to return navy persons massimillano and girone who killed fishermen following the act done to yakub
2	zaynjmnews riaarora79 eid was on the 17th which was supposedly in bradford right ??
2	may i know beingsalmankhan, how you can be so sure that yakub is innocent? any proof?
2	dear ujjwal nikam, no one is claiming yakub is innocent, we want him to be shown mercy, he must not be hanged, may be jailed.
2	rumour has it paddysteytler will be joining fcc on 22nd of august for fines night dress as hulk hogan? bowesy07 kmfairlie
2	hang tiger, not yakub, says salman: mumbai, july 26 : bollywood superstar salman khan has come out against the...
2	morning squash match and then aunty time before the eid fest in sheffield - funday sunday
2	new delhi, july 26 (ani): senior lawyer k.t.s. tulsi on sunday said that the government should reconsider yakub...
2	seems you need a new tv if you didn't see saraki with the president at a meeting and at eid prayers!
2	cris_odu alkayy may the merciful lord give them victory over d boko haram the murderers
2	you'll be able to buy 'marvel's ant-man: the art of the movie' slipcase on 4 august 2015.
2	'josh hamilton' appeared on saturday 25 at the 18th place in the top20 of united states's trends: trndnl
2	brock lesnar is surprised by the return of the undertaker: raw, feb. 24,... via youtube
2	if you're planning to watch ant-man, make sure you stay to watch the 2nd footage after all the credits.
2	sharknado hits the gold coast: masses of baitfish moving north may force the closure of gold coast beaches today.
2	somehow got wrangled into seeing ant-man again tomorrow with another group of friends. ehh, i don't mind much tbh
2	maybe on monday i'm going to see ant-man with the squad
2	tmz hulk hogan -- blowin' off steam - hulk hogan tried to maintain his daily regime by hitting the gym saturday. ...
2	beingsalmankhan may not affect end result on yakub. but he does have unquestionable right2 voice opinion. wrong 2brand salmanwithterrorist
2	"ant-man" is weekend champ with just $24.8 million. "pixels" 2 ($24m). bet wb regrets moving "pan" from this weekend to crowded october.
2	hulk hogan fired from wwe - was it because of racist recordings!?
2	question... is ant-man any good? tempted to go watch it tomorrow
2	fdcenter open registration class for kpop and hiphop dance with michellehadisaputra every thursday 6pm (hiphop)...
2	floyd mayweather is showing no signs of letting up ahead of what might be his last fight this september, sharing with his army of fans the
2	owasi backs yakub with a religious spin. it's a disservice to yakub. he has mitigating factors in favour.religious spin may spoil his case
2	raghumag bhateketan just wanted to say all ppl with different views may not b cowards or have mercy towards yakub.
2	zacharyleeper faith &amp; i went to the mid state fair to see jason aldean on friday &amp; then staying all weekend in pismo
2	box office: 'pixels' beats 'ant-man' on friday but is it game over for the weekend?
2	will brock lesnar conquer undertaker once again? or undertaker rip lesnar off? watch it on august 23rd summerslam wwenetwork
2	harrisburg scores two runs with two outs in top of 5th to take 2-0 lead against prince george's county. pgrbi pgparks
2	sharknado on twitter: &amp;quot;will april make it to 'nado number 4? you decide! vote now using ...
2	hey students! do you like movies? then join us tomorrow at cinemark 6 at 12:30 pm for ant-man! the movie starts at 12:50 pm. see you then!
2	final decision about death should be made after the arrest of tiger memon..may be tiger forced to yakub for doing that...
2	i'm going to see father john misty on friday and, like, paul mccartney?????
2	the gop field is (almost) complete, after ohio governor john kasich became the 17th major candidate to announce...
2	john kasich is now the 16th major republican running for president socialmedia via
2	want to go the cinema on my day off tomorrow, but inside out or ant-man? will io be full of kids? so torn right now.
2	jason day's rbc canadian open win jumps him over dustin johnson to 4th in the fedex cup standings.
2	look for me on gma tomorrow at 7:34am talking about people's exclusive: hulk hogan apologizes for 'unacceptable' racist rant
2	dat_saintsfan going to see ant-man on tuesday! is it worth the money, or should i avoid it and go see another film?
2	"time: prince george just turned 2 on july 22 but tells everyone he's 3-years-old uhh so
2	kinda getting annoyed seeing i was paying yet my sisters decided no movies today xp at least i'll watch ant-man with a discount tomorrow &lt;.&lt;
2	lyrics music jason aldean "fall into the right hands for a reason" // ...
2	josh hamilton struck out swinging to end the angels 13-7 win over the rangers. the angels are 1 game up on the astros, who they play tuesday
2	on this day in july 26, 2010~ raw: randy orton vs. jey uso
2	why am i watching sharknado 3 for the 3rd time this weekend?
2	sharknado isn't sharknado without tarareid she just had a baby inside a roasted shark, c'mon people that's a dedicated mom aprillives
2	annaleemedia hoping i'm close for lolla to give you a camera for almfancam bc there's no way i can be early/ miss paul mccartney on friday
2	1st encore song they did together kenny chesney &amp; jason aldean at the rose bowl
2	taybarrows i know!! i don't work til friday so we should probably do something if dunkin isn't holding you prisoner
2	whatsuptucson saw bunch of cops go down 22nd this morning racing heading east. idk if there going to dunkin. but haven't heard anything
2	i can't believe i just sat through ant-man again
2	may god give us the strength to defeat boko haram collectively and soon. amen!
2	may god be with the survivals of the terrors of boko haram, and may the souls of those dead from their venomous strikes rest in peace. amen.
2	saw ant-man last sunday, and finally had time to draw it today.
2	july 30: mnjtf faces boko haram with broken strategy
2	may i know arvindkejriwal, do you have any proof that yakub is innocent? aapwithterrorists
2	rai_saurabh100 beingsalmankhan yakub got bad unfair sentence due to 3rd rate prosecutor not telling court about his crucial cooperation.
2	george osborne to announce spending review 25 november - two weeks after economicsfest and one week after our festival of the future city
2	our hopes and fears for the film version of john green's paper towns
2	waiting for the 2nd post credit stinger for ant-man, alone in the cinema, is probably the nerdiest thing i've ever done.
2	if like me you sat through ant-man wondering which bits were edgar's ideas, the empire spoiler podcast goes into it
2	india_msm durga106 it sets a dangerous example...not all may be as lucky as yakub to have an old letter to rescue.
2	legendary wrestler hulk hogan issued an apology friday after the national enquirer released a transcript of statements he made that
2	sinead already a lock for the irish one after her crisp rolling stone cover critique
2	meatless monday is promoted by paul mccartney for ppl to give up meat one day a week.
2	as ridiculous as ant-man may have looked it was actually pretty damn good bigfan
2	presidency, boko haram reportedly begin negotiation talks: there may be hope around the c... .. via dailypostngr
2	whenever i see wwf, i don't 1st think of world wildlife fund for nature, i think of hulk hogan &amp; andre the giant.
2	only person left from a packed theatre waiting to see the 2nd end-credits scene in ant-man. come on people, you know how this works by now.
2	adeeb hi adeeb luams still haven't opened after eid. will open from the 10th of aug. decoration work ongoing. sorry for the inconvenience !
2	hulk hogan polling 2nd place in republican primary: hulk hogan may have lost his job at the wwe, bu... fukushima
2	charlotte! jrsbbq , midatlanticfilm and i open the 4 day nwalegends fanfest this thursday! 4 days of classic wrestling nirvana! bethere
2	new country 99.9 gator country welcomes jason aldean, with special guests cole swindell and tyler farr, thursday...
2	the rolling stone says he smokes an 'early morning joint' regularly keith richards may have quit cocaine nearly a...
2	so .... who's up for seeing ant-man with me on saturday? 2:30pm showing. let me know!
2	prince george reservist who died saturday just wanted to help people, his father tells cbcnews
2	on this day in wwe history - july 27, 2003 (vengeance) kurt angle defeated brock lesnar (c) and big show in a...
2	prince george, 2, tells everyone he's 3 years old: duchess kate revealed sunday that her son says he's older t...
2	father of dead canadian reservist says son just wanted to help people: kirby tott, the prince george reservist who died saturday on b...
2	check out dean ambrose in the 1st trailer for 12 rounds 3: lockdown
2	our childcare costs are going up by 11% in october. thanks to george osborne.
2	can someone tell me how teens with purchasing power managed to sell out a 4 pm monday matinee of paper towns
2	going to see ant-man tomorrow. has tlist been and did you like it?
2	it's time. *sacrifies dean ambrose to the outer gods so mercyisfutile 's soul may find rest.*
2	twitter poked fun at floyd mayweather's display against manny pacquiao on saturday night with a host of memes and virals with some
2	grimstoyshow that is fine... i can wait until tomorrow... but it really blows that randy orton may lose to kevin owens? or randy may win...
2	i hope hulk hogan is the 3rd member
2	john kasich says the reagan people talk of is a caricature and reagan was moderate. kasich may be a cartoon but reagan is no caricature
2	luvsgingers especially considering some questions may revolve around the whole hulk hogan debacle
2	if wwe need a 3rd member of the wyatts so that sting can join ambrose and reigns chris benoit or hulk hogan could always join them
2	photo: demnewswire: before he announces his presidential campaign tomorrow, take a look at how john kasich...
2	some one go to kenny chesney and jason aldean with me saturday
2	ryan braun was a late scratch from monday's game with lower back tightness.
2	cmon golennox ..... chilis all the way obv ....isnt pearljam 's ten your go-to ??? nirvana??? ......neverminddd
2	dontbackdownanm ko has been doing it as long as randy orton has. just didn't have the opportunity to showcase himself before may ;)
2	beltre grounds out to short, as moreland scampers back to the bag at 2nd. one out for josh hamilton.
2	it may yet prove a step too far, but notice that there will be a "wrestling" promotion to simulate the brock lesnar journey. ;)
2	i'm going to see paper towns with my brother tomorrow we might kill each other before we leave the theater
2	please tell me someone else noticed the fourth of july instrumental in paper towns
2	i feel like kris bryant has something he's not telling everyone every single time i see him.
2	chicago news monday's recap: cubs 9, rockies 8: kris bryant hit a two-run home run with two out in the botto...
2	cubs beat rockies 9-8 on kris bryant's walk-off 2-run hr in 9th; starlin castro 2-4 with 2 rbis, carlos gonzalez 2 hrs colvschc
2	kris bryant on theneeds, check it out!
2	life is so difficult; especially when you need to decide to spend money on dorm stuff or if you want to buy chick-fil-a and dunkin tomorrow
2	almost all the senior people's of aap have supported yakub, may i know on what ground you all have done it? arvindkejriwal ashutosh83b
2	dillonfrancis lolla will be my 14th time seeing you, but i feel like i'm cheating on you by leaving early to see paul mccartney. forgiveme
2	when you spend $160 on a friday lolla ticket just to see paul mccartney but it was still cheaper than your tickets last time you saw him...
2	tech council of maryland and prince george's county kick off collaborative initiative with reception on july 29 -
2	stone cold podcast with paige on wwe network august 3: was it originally supposed to be hulk hogan?
2	princess (later queen) anne, the last stuart monarch of britain, married prince george of denmark on 28 july 1683
2	in unites states of america calling somebody or mention in the word "nigger" may cost you a job. ask hulk hogan....
2	photo: july 21st: karlie kloss and cara delevingne at the paper towns premiere in new york city
2	tbh salman's tweets about yakub may have been an incoherent mess but i agree that he's a man who should be stopped from going to the gallows
2	as of now, no stay on yakub's execution, reports ashokbagariya ibnlive so he can still hang on july 30. larger bench to hear plea tomorrow
2	chief justice of india says he will constitute a bench to hear tomorrow yakub's plea against death warrant prabhuchawla newindianxpress
2	barandbench in other words suppose if bench is not constituted before 30th than yakub will be hanged.is it.
2	kris bryant hit the cubs' 1st walk-off hr in "15, a 2-run dinger to beat roks 9-8 last nite. 8 teams still without a walk-off hr this season
2	are you coming along to one of our go set a watchman reading groups tomorrow? 11-12, 2-3, and 4-5 in store, free to attend. see you there!
2	you are essentially sat-chit-ananda (existence-knowledge-bliss absolute). you are that brahman! live to realize the self! attain nirvana! om
2	kris bryant belted a two-run walk-off homer with two outs in the ninth monday night to power the cubs to a 9-8...
2	... you're going to get a little wet. cubs 3b kris bryant's 2-out homer in the bottom of the 9th vs. the rockies...
2	this is anti climax..yakub may get reprieve because of legal wrangles ..is it match fixing ?
2	roverradio floyd mayweather beaten several women and still boxes and be became the most paid athlete. and ray rice doesn't get a 2nd chance
2	kris bryant with a bottom of the 9th two out walk-off home run for a cubs win!
2	john kasich has had a good first week as a presidential candidate. vaults the pack to 3rd in nh
2	fyi, the inspiration 4 ant-man has been turned into a miniseries by idwpublishing and it's out tomorrow, theshrinkingman, themoreyouknow
2	pics and video of the broken nose john cena suffered in wwe raw main event with seth rollins via cagesideseats
2	wondering if after sc turning down yakub's appeal tomorrow he would again petition the president again , and this to go on and on and !
2	petitionpolitics the blasts may've been planned by tiger, but it needed impeccable execution, and yakub did a great job here, reports say..
2	mishra, roy, pant hope they don't carry the hindutva tint in judgements. for yakub, for life!!
2	friday the 13th isn't the only day hulk hogan tells his daughter to avoid black cats.
2	yakubdebate have you seen the long bearded yakub off late. presstitutes won't show the radicalised man.
2	ripcheato scrappybiggles thursday probably listens to iron maiden and smokes cigars because he's super hardcore
2	what did donald trump, ted cruz, john kasich, joe biden and marco rubio share this sunday? a little time in our trip around the "inside
2	new post: boko haram: buhari storms cameroun tomorrow with six govs, benin saturday
2	fyi!!! prince george's county council chair mel franklin presents the 5th annual prince george's county family...
2	has sharknado jumped the shark? =snarknado =may have jumped the snark
2	i'm sat here reading all of the hulk hogan tea like...
2	making the rounds: teddy atlas previews saturday's pbconespn card &amp; shares how he celebrated national hot dog day
2	nron10 strikerobi it's not really a hiatus. there's just a 10-month space between ant-man and the next mcu film release, civil war in may.
2	prince george joins the out campaign.
2	off to see steve harris (iron maiden) british lion tomorrow with mark kirkman. up close and personal in the...
2	sat and watched he lesner and reigns wrestlemania fight , still got emotional because of seth rollins the prick
2	call me behind the times but the hulk hogan stuff on twitter recently has made my week and it's only tuesday. hulkpls
2	mlbfantasy ryan braun (back) remained out of the brewers' lineup tuesday.
2	tuesday's jimbohannonshow: a look at the john kasich campaign and the momentum it seems to be generating with lovelaceryand. then, +
2	kris bryant could've saved the cubs a run and thrown it home. adds to his shakiness defensively at 3rd
2	we'll be on the air tomorrow night at 7pm est w/microphoneman3 &amp; john rare plus our take on hulk hogan studio: 213-816-1605 fnxnetwork
2	never watched so i don't have any favs.. but i do predict hulk hogan will be going home
2	i've never listened to kpop, i'll give it a try tomorrow morning
2	thinking about stopping and getting dunkin tomorrow before class, does my girlfriend want anything?! kiki_d0h
2	lady gaga with brian may, elton john, kiss, paul mccartney, the rolling stones, sting, u2, bruce springsteen &amp; more!
2	i'm already going to see paper towns tomorrow, so someone take me on a date to see southpaw some other time.
2	there is a lot to know about our new moto g (3rd generation) .click here : to find more...
2	kris bryant grounds out to 2nd stranding dexter fowler 90 feet away after 5 the cubs trail the rockies 5-1
2	selling one friday lollapalooza pass (paul mccartney, flying lotus, the weeknd) dm me 4 tips (if you'd like to purchase)
2	yakub may hv a case based on raman's report but left liberals entry 2 save him has changed character of the case. wd they do 4 sadhvi pragya
2	exclusive launch day offers to buy moto g 2015 3rd generation mobile by clicking here:
2	daniel descalso robs kris bryant of a hit to end the 7th for the cubs
2	motorola has launched the moto g 3rd generation smartphone at the company's launch event in new delhi, india....
2	our latest show: prince george's 2nd birthday, danish royal family, &amp; our 5c worth on the republic debate np...
2	like i know taylor swift is touring and she is quality but surely foxfm can give 'bad blood' a rest. 4th time it's been on today
2	missjacksteezy then stay home either way d: go watch ant-man tomorrow or something lol it's just what i'd do.of course it's still up to you
2	_sabanaqvi yakub may have been sent back by isi with bag full of evidence with the help of some double agents in raw
2	launching moto g ( 3rd gen) | special exchange offer only for you! starting at rs. 11,999
2	price for moto g 2nd edition already came down from 12999 to 9999 in the last one year. further fall is expected.
2	moto g (3rd gen) launched with 13mp camera, 4g support for rs 11,999 exclusively via flipkart read more:...
2	moto g (3rd gen) appears in new images with specs alongside tech gadgets
2	anyone else going to see jason aldean and kenny chesney august 15th? if so hmu.
2	yakub +family may be released&amp;sent to pak in exchange of dawood +lakvi+hafiz saeed+headly. pak sends four and we send yakub+ how about it??
2	seth rollins broke john cena nose during the match wwe july 27 2015: via youtube
2	yakubverdict yakub should be hang by tomorrow any how.then it will be great victory of our hindustan constitutionthe half part we have won.
2	i would have posted a podcast if the threat of getting stung by a yellowjacket on monday and seeing ant-man last night hadn't occurred.
2	mlw radio extra! therealdisco msl talk the hulk hogan situation and disco plots his revenge against konnan5150?!
2	what will happen to the clemency plea before the president? sc says yakub can be executed on thursday.
2	yakub last hope:plea with presidentyakub memon scheduled to hang tomorrow 7 am
2	instead of debating whether yakub shld hang or not, may be we should debate death penalty itself, like so many countries who've abolished it
2	yakub will be hanged tomorrow. the law has finally taken its own course of time and the time period. 23 years .
2	zeenews, yes, something from sunday guardian was being disclosed, that got interrupted by the chorus on yakub. if we can have them now..
2	floyd mayweather is a cherry-picker: mayweather will face berto on september 12, and boxing fans around the wo...
2	yakub deserved what he did.still 20 years he chill the life.but the destiny is tomorrow hang till death. top5presstitutes sanjay_vis
2	tech news: motorola lets you trade in your old moto g, moto e for the new (3rd gen) moto g - ibnlive
2	sc paves way for yakub's execution: the supreme court today refused to stay the execution slated for tomorrow ...
2	oh crud .... its the other (pitcher) ryan braun's birthday today.... (d'oh)
2	flipkart, will u exchange samsung s duo's with moto g (3rd gen).
2	be the first one to grab moto g 3rd gen. visit paybackbeforeflipkart to earn points. shop now
2	kanchangupta ....but ..."what is the evidence that yakub is a terrorist" neutral journos may ask
2	arvindkejriwal c'mon.. do some poster chipkawing in delhi about this! media is too busy talking about yakub!
2	so is modi ji going to nagpur tomorrow to click selfie with the hangman and yakub ?
2	chance to win zac brown band tix today. we're singing &amp; you may have to manage some light spanish to win. keep listening.
2	watchman on the wall: the day america died 26 june 2015 wr15-181
2	[fact] philippine ranked 1st place in the top 5 countries with loudest scream of kpop fan.
2	"oh f that it's choreographed" no f u lol.. seth rollins' knee breaks john cena's nose on monday night raw
2	rolling stone named obama the 9th best snl cast member of all-time, but i don't think he was better than david spade.
2	amazonhelp yeah i know but i want to know when the 3rd generation moto g will be available to buy
2	anywho, i'm not really sure what i think of ant-man. may need some time to mull it over
2	what's hot in montgomery and prince george's real estate - here is just a snapshot of the maryland real estate mar...
2	boko haram may resume talks with fg - sources close to the leadership of the boko haram insurgents have... news
2	motorola has announced their 3rd generation moto g smartphone and we have all the details on this new motorola...
2	ndtv left parties&amp;eminent citizens' request to grant mercy to yakub may be rejected by president since he faithfully follows govt advice.
2	chhotahazri yest, the state feared yakub may get more supporters through protests. today, they have what they want. nothing to lose
2	tomorrow salman khan beingsalmankhan will be first one cry on mayyat of yakub, he must already be on the way to nagpur
2	watchman on the wall: obama and nato plan to attack israel in october wr15-207
2	sam and sat in a dunkin donuts for an hour bc i thought i locked my keys in the car but they were actually in my pocket the whole time :///
2	tomorrow's last day of yakub ! hope it be done ! rest in piece to yakub yakubtohang
2	floyd mayweather may be planning to use andre berto as 'tune-up' for a rematch with manny pacquiao, says new...
2	ant-man ends this thursday. see it before it goes. plays daily at 1:15, 3:50, 6:40 &amp; 9:40 pm
2	yakubmemon the gvt shld not b partial on criminal..and also my deep condolence to yakub's family if he hangd 2mrw..may allah wit u..
2	wed jul 29 12:01:22 +0000 2015 "...yakub may well deserve the finding of guilt. the courts may well have rendered the correct judgments in the...
2	nirvana special at liquidation heebiesbasement this saturday 11pm-4am free entry come as you are (but pls bring photo id)
2	looks like yakub will be going on a date with his 72 wives tomorrow. hangyakubnow
2	john kasich and rick perry are vying for the 10th slot. but a tie could mean another podium on the debate stage.
2	naughtybeyotch this is like floyd mayweather challenging a 3rd grade girl with ms to a fight. overmatched
2	abhishek if the fhd screen of yureka plus is better than moto g 3rd gen?
2	javedmansari : why do not you go to president and make a personal appeal for yakub's mercy ?. who knows, it may click.
2	. ndtv says activists are planning to march to the sc to petition the sc for mercy to yakub...
2	yakub will be hanged tomorrow. but his execution has exposed ugly face of our journalists. isn't it.
2	a special bench may be constituted to hear yakub's fresh plea overnight, reports anushasoni23 from outside the chief justice's residence.
2	kkalpu oh.14 days is there? thanks for the information. any way this is the 2nd mercy petition. this has no value. yakub has to hang
2	anyone wanna go to the city friday morning and see jason aldean perform a couple songs
2	kanchangupta better to release yakub tomorrow morning in mumbai churchgate or cst station in the peak hours! our people will take care....
2	booker t will be addressing the hulk hogan controversy this saturday night on his heated conversations podcast.
2	cji may hear yakub's latest petition at 2.way to go pb!wtvr else you might say,he's one of the best pil lawyers in the country.return to aap
2	well said smarket if anyone watching this yakub episode they may think this is the only case whole indian judiciary has at the moment.shame
2	prince george can't wait to take the crown from his dad.
2	in his bid to stop the boko haram insurgency president muhammadu buhari will visit one more country on august 1,...
2	if indian agencies just lookout for who were in contact with these people trying to save yakub, they may end up finding all conspirators !
2	north america: 'ant-man' claims 1 on tuesday with $4.27m; 'minions' remains a close 2 with $4.01m; 'pixels' ...
2	pretty sure it's from american greetings. i may have bought the dean ambrose and roman reigns cards yesterday. ;)
2	deepak110793 pbhushan1 dear i'm not supporting yakub. i'm just supporting judiciary. it will be big political debate tomorrow if nt adrsd
2	kayleighmquinn don't worry bbz, tomorrow will be george osborne getting booed at the paralympics.
2	do not think modi is the target for yakub drama. we may not like adarshliberal lawyers like pb, but those few r smart. ample effort 1/2
2	breaking lawyers in midnight hearing say yakub's only mercy was on wednesday. earlier one was by his bro &amp; acc to rule he be given 14 days
2	defence lawyer also clarifies that earlier mercy petition was from yakub kin. wednesday's petition was the 1st from death sentence convict.
2	lawyers argue that yakub filed mercy plea for the first time in his own name on wednesday. hence, he should get 14 days' renu_18
2	lawyers argue that yakub filed mercy plea 4 1st time on wednesday.so,he shd get 14 days' time before hanging. news24tvchannel
2	my bench would be. 6th man seth rollins. chris jericho. brock lesnar. ric flair, and.... john cena... just kidding. not cena. xd
2	ndtv a culprit should be punished not matter what the religion may be, but in yakub's case,
2	today or tomorrow, yakub has to meet with 72 hoors for all his hard work. right?? so let that be today na. hangyakub
2	each of yakub's family member will file mercy petitions at the gap of 13 days each.
2	mediacrooks .. the way they went about defending gave me impression malini barkha wanted to be 2nd 3 rd wife of yakub on release.
2	one of my older campers texted me and was like "what do you want tomorrow i'm bringing in dunkin for the senior counsellors" ok what a saint
2	according to the official website of msg, brock lesnar will be at the wwe live event on oct 3rd in nyc, ny.
2	mediacrooks abpnewstv given chances they may take interview of yakub too.....and play it for days with some voting/competition too....
2	one day dean ambrose will the wwe champion the date april 3 2016 wrestlemania32 nothing will stop the lunaticfringe
2	ends this thursday. have you seen marvel's "ant-man" yet?
2	to ensure there is no mob at yakub's funeral,indiatoday is declaring on national television the two most likely places where it may happen.
2	dear 72 virgins you may take over yakub now.
2	cotham gives up rbi single to josh hamilton, but the unearned run was charged to someone else. he got his first two mlb ks escape 7th.
2	vermatyler no i'm in hilton head till the 8th lol go to jason aldean sept. 19th! alot of us are going!
2	brothers please keep sheikh rabee in your dua, he has been sick since the day of eid. may allah make our beloved...
2	friday: randy orton vs. rebel in a fans bring the weapons match
2	the_fotovogue well you forget that yakub never returned to hide here in the 1st place. ironic
2	as sonia &amp; could not buy sc judgement in favor of yakub, they are worried that teesta and tejpal may have to face the same fate.
2	check out our 2nd episode. we tell you what we thought of ant-man and what netflix shows to binge watch.
2	sobathape motorola when we can get the moto g (3rd gen) in indonesia? motog
2	the mumbai blasts convict yakub memon hanged. seculars may sign a petition to declare yakub as a "good terrorist" as he died on his b'day.
2	unsubtledesi digvijaya_28 if congree rule at this time, yakub may be on street with the help of 40 ami chando.
2	here_sarja today is not the death day of apj abdul kalam's. he passed away on 27th. today is his janaja. its only yakub's death day today.
2	nobody should complain that yakub didnt get full opportunity to get justice though it may not have gone his way.salute to supreme court.
2	ibnkhabar this people who try to save "yakub" may be with daud n chuha tiger"...gaddar gang"
2	planning to buy moto g 3rd gen? don't buy the cheaper one. here is why:
2	i'm waaaayyyyyyy too turnt for a wednesday night. i blame carli and whoever queued up the kendrick version of bad blood on the radio.
2	'yakub was innocent man'the scientists who discovered this truth should awarded with nobel prize -&gt;ambedkarperiyar
2	brock lesnar has been announced for the october 3rd wwe live event in new york city. brocklesnar heymanhustle
2	according to rolling stone the straight outta compton ost will not be released august 1st but drdre will anounce the release date saturday.
2	brock lesnar announced for wwe live event in new york city: brock lesnar has been announced for the october 3r...
2	hulk hogan's team calls leak of rant a low blow: hulk hogan's legal team in its lawsuit against gawker says the website may have leak...
2	sassyinthecityx who knows? next cbb may have hulk hogan, the lord in a brassiere and chippy the budgie.
2	yakub's body to be brought to mumbai, cm to make statement nagpur, jul 30 (uni) the body of 1993 mumbai serial...
2	aabduldalvi c u may want to know but by showing it agn &amp; agn we r hurting the family of yakub ok
2	madversity anuragkashyap72 iamsudhirmishra for sequel question is if imtiaz ali ready to act as yakub. he played the same in black friday
2	buy moto g( 3rd gen, 16gb) just rs. 12,999 with exclusive launch offers - flipkart
2	brownbrumby there was never any doubt about yakub's involvement. what is moot is whether he had a deal. 'black friday' says he didn't.
2	ohio gov. john kasich actually just 1 point from 4th in latest q poll on jammed gop field via dispatchalerts
2	tomorrow i'm going to watch "paper towns". do you recommend it guys?
2	hongkong golf-johnson, rose to light up hong kong open: hong kong, july 30 dustin johnson will make his hong ...
2	some good tips and multi-media resources to help teach lee's mockingbird with watchman. teachenglish edchat onted
2	gino is hosting an u-18's event at nirvana, nottingham on the 13th of august - big names performing on the night...
2	i'm sorry, but if you see paul mccartney tomorrow you're weak af lollapalooza
2	lost in the trump polling boom is the fact that john kasich is going to make top 10 (i think) in the 1st debate.
2	aftr few days of"perspiration/doubt,nation's conscience is rejoicing"fr 4th time in 10 years,in yakub's hanging lik it did in afzal guru's?
2	.bwoyblunder india_policy sunday column praveen swami: yakub was just a small time smuggler
2	minhazmerchant kailashkaushik8 presstitutes n othr anti-nationals were relating yakub's hanging with modi........... 3rd class leeches
2	i am selling 2 tickets for kenny chesney and jason aldean at arrowhead on saturday. message me if you or someone you know is interested
2	bubble update: while you were tweeting trump, john kasich has surged ahead of rick perry for 10th &amp; final debate spot
2	like, we're going to see paul mccartney irl, tomorrow???!!!
2	sat in the pub have a non-alcoholic beverage before going to see ant-man.
2	the third generation of the moto g is here! two models available - starting at $180:
2	offstumped niticentral is it true that pappu may visit yakub's family after inspiring the ftii junkies sufficiently in pune?
2	.krishamoud when chuck norris claps his hands twice the sun turns off.
2	prayers for yakub at the mahim dargah just ahead of burial this is the state of indian muslims..they support them..
2	here's a preview of the new iron maiden double-album the book of souls, due september 4th. rockfileradio...
2	paul mccartney continues his tour with our led video screens in chicago tomorrow night led video screens tour
2	nigeria said thursday it has appointed a general to lead a new multinational task force created to fight boko haram
2	metsbooth actually he's watching last monday night raw big show v dean ambrose right now
2	1st it was my boss, then my cousin and now chuck norris has the "taxi" song stuck in his head :/ mdeluca2 montenegroan
2	thanks to the radio at work i'm all depressed now with it playing jason aldean then house of the rising sun. fighting with your bff sucks
2	samdubose rest in peace. may you be liberated from suffering and attain complete nirvana. my prayers are with you.
2	d_lang3 cjdippuh kris bryant ain't no king. he's the 2nd best third baseman in chicago on the 2nd best team in chicago saladino&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;
2	who can get my mom into lolla tomorrow? she loves paul mccartney more than she loves me
2	geekyranjit how is it different from the moto g (2nd gen)? i mean areas of improvement or cons!
2	hanging of yakub proves that beingsalmankhan may be a hero in reel life but in real life he is best to be ignored yakubverdict
2	tiger memon - yakub, it's your birthday on 30 jul, so what's the plan? yakubmemon - nothing, just hanging around!! politicsoverterror
2	moto g (3rd gen) first impression: can it beat xiaomi mi 4i and lenovo k3 note?
2	get the details behind the publication of go set a watchman with a new documentary, out september 22.
2	also being reissued october 2nd is paul mccartney's 1983 album, "pipes of peace"! like the reissued "tug of war"...
2	iambyks he may be considered a jabroni but at least he's also the real. unlike like no good jabroni finishing move stealer seth rollins.
2	mlb cubs kris bryant will not be in the starting lineup for thursday's game vs milwaukee.
2	capitalmusical rolling stone : rollingstone: the clown car gets more crowded: meet jim gilmore, the 17th re...
2	sting save randy orton from the attack of the authority; raw 16 march 2015
2	if ur going to lolla tomorrow and not seeing paul mccartney then u confuse me deeply
2	rimjobjim_ yes, not cruising from fallston though. i'll get something from dunkin set up . sunday 8:30, out by 9, be there about 10:15
2	roman reigns says he can one-up dean ambrose: raw, feb. 17, 2014 via youtube
2	tomorrow i get to see paul mccartney perform and i'm not even excited about it. jokes
2	to benefit special olympics, aug 2, prince george's cty police all-stars take on the bowie police all-stars. support!
2	alright: who's choosing paul mccartney over the weeknd tomorrow?
2	bobzimmermp whenever you get a moment tomorrow (friday) please give me a call at 250-562-6701. profiling the candidates for prince george.
2	2ooropa tues. night i heard nirvana, pearl jam, smashing pumpkins, janes addiction. seems like it was all 90's alternative.
2	rabby are rumoured to be going to watch 'paper towns' on saturday care to confirm? kjttenkjnks and punk_lockscreen
2	kinda upset i'm gunna miss the rondarousey fight saturday.. but kenney chesney and jason aldean should be a blast!
2	thursday's top stories including the latest in the lawsuit against rolling stone and sabrina erdely
2	look who's here, it's the sell out and the man who broke john cena's nose this past monday on raw, seth rollins wwe smackdown
2	seth rollins may have broken john cena's nose, but cena won the match and made rollins tapped out! wwe smackdown cenation
2	ryan braun returned to the lineup on wednesday after missing two games with lower back tightness.
2	josh hamilton the best 1st pitch player in baseball gets a slow hanging curveball down the middle &amp; just looks at it. lol
2	considering seeing ant-man &amp; paper towns on monday, but i'd have to go to the cineplexmovies theater without pretzels. torn. fat,but torn.
2	probably a sleepless night for 1 herkimer county boy, who'll get to celebrate his birthday tomorrow with jason aldean
2	or may be they're not convinced that yakub was a traitor, rather helping the authorities. it's a perception game.
2	don't forget to grab tickets to fozzyrock nov. have you seen iamjericho in 'sharknado 3'?!
2	for real, if drake's 3rd diss starts out with that brock lesnar intro.... shut it down.
2	i am going to see paper towns tomorrow. wanna come with? igabrielmathis
2	security cover of 30,000 cops, for yakub burial. india has no future with such doings: india = 3rd world country
2	josh hamilton just walked off the yankees. bluejays get 1 game closer to 1st tonight
2	andrew miller blows his 1st save of the yr as josh hamilton hits a walk-off single to help the rangers beat the yankees 7-6
2	mlb: rangers beat the yankees 7-6 on josh hamilton's walk-off single in 9th inning!
2	"espnstatsinfo: another walk-off - this time josh hamilton gives the rangers the win his 9th career walk-off hit " veee el piedrero
2	or tomorrow i don't care but i want to watch ant-man
2	john kasich cracks top 10 in gop poll - the initial new day committee was created april 20, while the other group ...
2	fanwars between kpop fandoms will always happen kahit anong pigil natin. pero at the end pag may outsider na nagbash satin, sino yung +
2	indianexpress if india is they, who are you then? ys we hanged yakub. tajinderbagga mediacrooks frustindian
2	watch: post game plus breaks down thursday's walk-off loss in arlington, as josh hamilton beat the yankees late.
2	i don't blame lee, though. if i understand it correctly, watchman is basically the messy 1st draft to the masterpiece that is mockingbird.
2	texas rangers josh hamilton tied the ballgame in the 1st with a three-run home run. mlb
2	i just spent 7 hours at dunkin donuts doing chem hw that's due tomorrow and i didn't even finish... it's time to call it night though.
2	watchman just informed me about the fact that the sun is shining, in case the met dept needs some cutting edge weather monitoring tech.
2	chuck norris does the sunday new york times crossword puzzle in ink.
2	is it fair? both print as well as tv media reacts 2 yakub's coverage, it's big picture as 2nd headline 4 kalam's
2	pulse_ng sunday oliseh: super eagles coach says he has been approached before
2	ohio gov. john kasich is set to round out the republican presidential field tuesday when he formally announces his white house bid.
2	super eagles coach, sunday oliseh, has said that he and his assistants would have to inject new philosophy and...
2	last words of yakub " i did a mistake, may allah forgive me". did any rascal who stood for him understand what he meant ?
2	jason aldean to get this friday going
2	started my friday off right with dunkin
2	qctimes jerry kill opens up friday's session at the b1g kickoff in 15, much like paul mccartney opens lollapalooza tonight down the street.
2	paul mccartney will perform lollapalooza in grant park in chicago, starting today through sunday. with the gop...
2	nigerian troops have discovered boko haram terrorists supply routes: nigerian troops on wednesday said it has ...
2	sheamus explains why he will take down randy orton: smackdown, july 30, ... via youtube haha
2	all film critic beware: peter travers of rolling stone is losing his staff position in the mag. are we still needed?
2	b4 d hood was placed on yakub's face, he insisted that he wanted 2 c d rising sun, which he was not allowed.
2	if anyone is interested in 2 kenny chesney tickets tomorrow with kenny chesney, jason aldean, brantley gilbert, and cole swindell text me.
2	delaware junction festival with jason aldean, florida georgia line, and more on august 1... $169.00 baltimoredeals
2	happy to see cogent views from most of the section of society. yakub was a terrorist. capital punishment may be a...
2	nigeria coach sunday oliseh has revealed that he craves the success he has been able to achieve as player with the super eagles.
2	omojuwa who is that "chuck norris"? c'mon, he's unknown to our generation! why not mr. t?akwaibom akpabio
2	this is the 2nd time i've gone to starbucks in my iron maiden shirt and a worker ask me my favorite album.... i don't listen to iron maiden
2	our thoughts and prayers go out to the family and friends of a prince george man who died in a crash on sunday....
2	classic rock radio (dot co dot uk) 31 july 2015 paul mccartney reissues from the paul mccartney newsletter i...
2	this from gayatri__j on yakub hanging makes some valid points. you have to think about what you dole out to others.
2	i think this is the first time kris bryant isn't batting 3rd
2	we've compared the new motog (3rd gen) to the moto g (2nd gen): here's what's new
2	sherylkee it's possible that, to find ice cream sammich nirvana, you may have to go a little more upscale than a gas station.
2	"hulk hogan isn't a racist. and if he is, may god strike me dead!" -roddy piper
2	lilhildebrand at 1st i thought u meant the metaphorical death of hulk hogan. but no way they just talked to rowdy like 2 days ago bout him!
2	free this week: august 3 figure four weekly: detailed look at why gawker thinks the fbi covered for hulk hogan wwe
2	prep work before the con tomorrow ( cinemagic for ant-man in portsmouth, nh)
2	xrthxr 1 at lolla. 1 headline show tomorrow night at a chicago venue associated with lolla + an acoustic set for rolling stone in afternoon
2	ringsidec r_roddy_piper that when he went to hulk hogan party on monday night raw 8/11/14
2	hey time out chicago, paul mccartney didn't write here comes the sun.
2	sometimes it may get bad, but remember, you're never that dude that would skip paul mccartney for the weeknd, and all is well again
2	beltre leads off the 3rd with a single. one on, no out for josh hamilton.
2	asthefairiesare yeah z wants to go see it and i told them go for it i pass. paper towns is playing but i'd rather read the book 1st
2	music paul mccartney (the beatles)original concert ticket (23 sept 1993)
2	"are you going to see kendrick lamar just because of bad blood tomorrow cause he's not gonna sing it ally" -my friend who's perfectly right
2	lollapalooza 2015 day one: paul mccartney is in a feisty mood: reports from friday, day one at lollapalooza in...
2	checking out some paul mccartney with other skrubs who didn't buy friday passes lollapalooza
2	brewers offense continues to struggle. ryan braun accounts for only run with a 1st inning hr. it's a final from miller park. cubs 4 mil 1.
2	kanersenforcer mets have had a rough stretch. they needed a win like that. kinda sorta their equivalent of the kris bryant monday walkoff.
2	i've just kind of sat here for an hour doing nothing but listening to bad blood on repeat, this is normal
2	there was a strong case for giving a lifer to yakub. but the arguments about his crucial role in the blasts may be flawed but not flimsy.
2	brewers ryan braun homers in 1st, brewers blanked rest of the way in 4-1 loss to cubs; 8th l in last 10 games chcvsmil
2	detailed look at why gawker thinks the fbi may have covered for hulk hogan:
2	meanwhile u r fighting over useless topics yakub's angels has been assigned he's finished doing 16 n 17th dancing on baby doll timesnow
2	well, had a decent tuesday opening at the box office. will it beat ant-man over the weekend?
2	brewers ryan braun hit his 19th home run of the season at the bottom of the first. mlb
2	the indian express draws flak for july 31 headline on yakub: one of the leading dailies of india, the indian e...
2	it's my 6th year on kpop scene so maybe i know some things that you don't know dear.
2	yakub, the lone death row convict in the mumbai blasts case, was hanged in nagpur central prison on thursday.
2	thesanjaygandhi may the policy is correct.nda should have done yakub body too.
2	metal gear solid 5 the phantom pain and iron maiden's book of souls will drop september 5th
2	just starting to watch sharknado 4 the 1st time. craptacular already. cc beerlytweeting hadyngreen
2	interesting... lollapalooza 2015 friday recap: the weeknd grooves, paul mccartney plays the hits... with ...: ...
2	see you august 5th in prince george
2	government acted humanely in yakub's hanging, ensured peace: rss: new delhi: the rss on saturday said the hang...
2	[thenet] sunday oliseh launches vlog on super eagles updates: chief coach of the super eagles of nigeria, sund...
2	apinx_x youtube true, this is like the 2nd kdrama i watched...was quiet popular in my country too and i wasn't even into kpop at that time
2	noah's 3 fav songs in order: 1) the imperial march 2) bad blood ("why does she need bandaids?") 3) shake your booty
2	why christmas and not "holiday"? us jews (and perhaps muslims) might want to know?
2	theeconomist well, paul mccartney, isabella rossellini, rafaela carra and i were all born on june 18th and what does this tell about us?
2	treblebeth no like i saw ant-man last week, watched whas on thursday, the show yesterday, and his face did not change
2	selling 2 tickets to zac brown band at fenway august 9. 70$ each seats are on the field. let me know
2	just turned the corner into ghetto n roma 1st thing i saw a group of muslims! now that's tourism for ya. it's a sm world after all peace
2	who's better, paul mccartney or john lennon? get the facts from mickrock: - ontherecord premieres sunday, 8 et/5 pt
2	paul mccartney served as lollapalooza's headliner friday night in chicago, and the...
2	nirvana - all apologies radiobaro in the sun...
2	kris bryant lines out to lf to end the top of the 1st stranding runners on 1st &amp; 2nd with no score between the cubs &amp; brewers
2	buhari vows to defeat boko haram by december. president muhammadu buhari yesterday declared that the...
2	still hungover and what not with no plans on this saturday evening so this means i should see paper towns again, right?
2	danileekelley a podcast/tv show of interest to you may be religionethics; they report on xians, jews, muslims, etc. they're very fair.
2	justin grimm strikes out ryan braun swinging to end the 8th with the score cubs 4 brewers 1
2	last day to grab offers -buy moto g 3rd gen online from flipkart at best price (+8 launch offers) - readforgreed
2	unnecessarily censored the end of a hulk hogan promo and much much more. monday, at 9:05 est. don't miss it. (2/2)
2	how's everyone's saturday night? don't lie. ur laying in your bed with your smartphone up in the air, with sharknado 3 in the background.
2	what are the chances of ant-man still being in theatres on august 20th when i get to halifax?
2	maven jennaezarik ijustine i get it. you're like the caster version of chuck norris. you're just waiting for gfinity championship sunday
2	if you open tomorrow and you're not at dunkin at 7:15 do you even work at hersheypark? the answer is no
2	somewhere in the universe floyd mayweather just peed his pants worrying that he may run into ronda rousey in a dark alley. howaboutafresca
2	watching sharknado after the rousey fight. i think i have an idea for the 4th movie...
2	taroor shed tears for yakub as yakubs friends in pakistan may have settled the taroor &amp; tarir issue to save him from some embarrassment.
2	president muhammadu buhari may have set a deadline for the end of boko haram deadly activities as h... badotweet
2	pratoshnivedita jayoleman nirvana - the ultimate 'home-coming'. some may take infinitely longer.
2	yakub's role in '93 march serial blasts is repeated, but very little is said about those who organized 92 december, 93 january mumbai riots
2	jenallende ive been working all weekend, still at work now. watching chuck norris movies haha i'll be at ciecmate on friday. see you there.
2	philxl the subtitled films at mk this week are inside out tonight at 7pm, ant-man 19:40 thursday and the gallows 21:30 monday
2	did you know, john lennon &amp; paul mccartney wrote celia's 1st single fadingchildhood tarahcilla thistimeisgoodbye
2	kylie jenner stole the spotlight at a "paper towns" screening&amp;160;in west hollywood on saturday, where she and sister kendall turned up
2	new nigeria boss sunday oliseh is in the crowd at wembley and one of his super eagles - victor moses - is now on the pitch... afcvcfc
2	cena vs seth rollins monday night raw cena wins and retains the united states championship the champ is here
2	rondarousey baby girl u r the true wonder woman!! u should fight floyd mayweather next. be the 1st time he'd run from a woman!
2	george osborne should come clean over who wins or loses in his budget | uk news | guardian: stop fiddling the figures
2	breaking news ohio gov. john kasich says of the 1st gop presidential debate on thursday: 'i'd like to be there, ...
2	gabriellabian12 nonsense, the land was ruled by muslims, their may have been christians residing there but the land was muslim land
2	debate standings: perry in 11th place (not likely to make cut). rickperry "chris christie, john kasich and...
2	daniel norris may in fact be ausmus's cousin but he's pitching like chuck norris's son.
2	johngreen i know you've been super busy with paper towns movies, why not do an oldschool vlogbrothers q:tuesday with peanut-butter face xd
2	photo: mymiddletons: july 5, 2015 prince george attends the christening of his sister, hrh princess...
2	heathrow 3rd runway life &amp; death to residents, to george osborne, just a big fat joke. mayoroflondon
2	aug 2, ab 3: brewers challenged (tag play), call on the field was upheld: kris bryant singles on a line drive to center fielder shane
2	kris bryant injured sliding into 2nd after rbi. hope he is ok cubs
2	i'm gonna have breakfast with my friend tomorrow and then we'll see ant-man
2	in good, non-kris bryant is dead news, josh hamilton just put the rangers up 2-0 over the giants in the 6th
2	floyd mayweather may be good at dodging punches but ronda rousey would beat the shit out of him.
2	floyd mayweather still on on the 12th of september? with who?
2	official did not quit over yakub: sc the supreme court registry on sunday took serious objection to the news item in the electroni.. hindu
2	cubs kris bryant exited sunday's game against the brewers as a precautionary measure due to dizziness.
2	law aug. 2 update - piper tribute on the law tonight, g-1 results, ufc 190 rundown with rousey win, insanity at wsof
2	offense can't back leake in giants debut: josh hamilton shattered the offensive silence sunday at globe life p...
2	team josh e junoon celebrated eid's 3rd day at an old home in rawalpindi
2	defeating boko haram is no longer in two months, it is now by december (7 months). changingchangi
2	my friend and brother today with super eagles coach sunday oliseh after the wembley win..oliseh was a guest
2	i hate to succumb to the thought but rousey just may be the juggernaut.
2	ronda rousey: ufc 157: rousey vs. carmouche: the ufc will make history on saturday, february 23rd. undefeated superst
2	pascalzidane fired by roman by nov, cameo in sharknado 4 where he gets all 4 limbs eaten off
2	will john kasich make it to the thursday rep debate to take place in ohio, the state where he is the governor? maybe!
2	kamloops sun devils defeat prince george 7-4 sun devils play victoria tonight at 8pm --- winner to the b.c. baseball championships final
2	sat down, heard muffled music, wondered who in my family was listening to nirvana, realized it was my ipod in my pocket.
2	nigeria says it has captured a boko haram commander &amp; freed 178 hostages; not clear if they include some chibok girls
2	i love meisha tate,not a rousey fan really,but i can't see the sense in a 3rd fight,it's gonna take a man to beat ronda any time soon ufc
2	presidential field candidate-governor john kasich -ohio may be compassionate but he's "no economic moderate"by way of proven experience !!!!
2	i'm selling my jason aldean ticket! it's lawn for riverbend on august 23rd. dm me if you are interested!
2	mazmhussain from one messianic cause, to the cause of religious liberty for muslims. is that what you are referring to as the 2nd?
2	beastmodebox considering her competition, it is like calling wlad klitschko the greatest heavyweight ever. and rousey is great, but c'mon
2	asrivkin i learned on friday that my bacon number is 4! so i have to work in the erdos and sabbath numbers next. or iron maiden instead?
2	as noted, brock lesnar has been announced for the october 3rd wwe live event from madison square (cont)
2	so apparently my brother has the same birthday as chuck norris 10 of march. lol
2	today in beatles history (april 10, 1970): paul mccartney makes the announcement that the beatles have officially split up.
2	movie date for paper towns tomorrow night? (technically tonight) who's down
2	boko haram commander was arrested after a raid in the sect's camp in bama borno state yesterday august 2nd. 178...
2	how is ncase flip case cover for moto g 3rd gen flipkart or any other reco apart from the official one?
2	president muhammadu buhari has given a definite date for the end of the boko haram insurgency: latest by december...
2	a smartphone review that the tech press needs to read twice, obviously great for consumers too: moto g 3rd gen review
2	bloodymary - hackers nirvana - smell like teen spirit butterfingers - nicotine feeder - 7 days in the sun smashing pumpkins - bullets with..
2	ohio gov. john kasich sat down for an exclusive interview with abc news' chief anchor george stephanopoulos following the announcement of
2	guardian corrects 2 errors in george osborne's article on nat'l living wage. gains are much smaller than he claimed:
2	i just watched the kcon snap story &amp; not rn bc im going to bed, but octuse can u plz teach me all about kpop tomorrow. or after gish. heart
2	3 august 1971. paul mccartney announced the formation of his new band wings.
2	rory mcilroy remains world no.1 in the latest rankings while rickie fowler moved above jim furyk, dustin johnson &amp; justin rose into 5th spot
2	so moto g (3rd gen) it is. now the long wait for it to be delivered!
2	tomorrow never comes - zac brown band (not acoustic version)gblack1984 ...from the same album bango
2	if i may ask my brother, do you ever watch football, if yes, which team do you support apart from the super eagles? cchukudebelu
2	a washington state judge on friday dismissed a lawsuit seeking photos from the death scene of nirvana frontman...
2	just watched rousey's enterance from saturday again she blinked once while on cam. didn't blink at all once she saw bethe....scary focus
2	don't know if to get the moto g (3rd gen) or gs4 mini. :/
2	boring monday? cheer yourself up with this razorsharp parody "we're nirvana. sing distinctly? we don't wanna"
2	starting now: saturday nights main event: hulk hogan defends the wwe world series alone i would you have taken in the bit about ten deep f
2	we're going to see ant-man tomorrow. if you'd like to go, meet at the warehouse at 11:30, so we can eat lunch in...
2	nigeria's army said late on sunday that it rescued 178 people held by islamist militant group boko haram in nigeria's borno state news
2	himynameisseton andrewperloff tell dp it rousey's first fight with correia but she's going to fight meisha tate for a 3rd time next.
2	tasha_darke the cake is a lie! ;) and "read" may have been the wrong word. maybe "moved to nirvana" would fit better.
2	front-runner donald trump guaranteed in fox's gop debate thursday, but ohio gov. john kasich might not make cut. ^jc
2	samiyusuf we will have no regrets and may allah(swt) grant us the strength to always identify as muslims with muslims against all odds.
2	.atunnelradio remembers cilla black, tuesday at 12pm et / 9am pt on east village radio. (cilla with paul mccartney)
2	aldo v mcgregor and tate v rousey in dallas in december... i think it's time to make a trip to texas.
2	what sparks your interest? learning wordpress? finding out things you may not have known about islam and muslims?...
2	i may have just gotten my friend into kpop
2	create an olfactory nirvana with the figuier &amp; baies perfumed candles from rojaparfums - launching in october. rx
2	claytravisbgid i like your work but that money may v. rousey is ludicrous. i couldn't even finish reading it.
2	life is full of tough decisions. for example: do i wear the kevin owens shirt or the brock lesnar shirt to monday night raw tonight?
2	bustedopenradio keepitfivestar hearing dana white wants ufc in dec at att stadium in dallas 3 months before wm32 with rousey. heel
2	men's journal editor jason fine is the new managing editor of rolling stone, it was announced monday. fine wil...
2	you can measure rousey's fight in vines. that last fight was about 5 and 2/3rd vines. richeisenshow
2	we have sympathatics who opposed the death sentence specifically for yakub because he may have actually...
2	may god protect and guide our nigerian army in fighting against the boko haram where is ex president gej with his fake army to see.
2	news: nirvananews: august 28th, 1993 - nirvana meet with youri...: nirvananews: august 28th, 19... keepgrunge
2	claytravisbgid can't believe all the negative response to rousey article. fight needs to happen. she'd drop him in 1st round!
2	monday night raw tonight and rumor has it that one thing will occur. 1. (obviously) brock lesnar will return tonight with paul heyman
2	kris bryant is all systems go monday, kyle schwarber getting the day off. cubs
2	kris bryant (head) is in the cubs' starting lineup on monday night against the pirates.
2	doedoejohoe i'll just get it tomorrow after i see ant-man with or without coffey.
2	tor beats min in david price's debut. jays move into tie for 2nd wild card with twins, o's now .5 gb.
2	david price gets 1st win as a jay, going 8ip-11k-1er!
2	no one else may be able to sanction it, but rousey vs. mayweather (in some capacity) can work in wwe
2	david price joins such names as dewayne buice, pasqual coco, and ty taubenheim with his 1st jays win. can he catch steve trachsel saturday?
2	kevin durant with the grey shirt and black hat cheering david price getting out of a jam in the 4th! davidprice14
2	the twins knew they had no shot against david price when they struck out the 1st 2 times of the game. hard to hit his changeup when it's on.
2	newly acquired lhp david price fired eight innings of one-run ball monday in the bluejays' 5-1 defeat of the twins. mlb
2	redhotsquirrel muslims will take the "5th" on that one.
2	kris bryant left sunday's game early with dizzyness after bumping his head into an opponent on a h... - via espn app
2	invited jeffreybearden on a date with me tomorrow afternoon to watch paper towns (still haven't watched it). jeff: uh, lemme think about it
2	davywhite hope solo would make it to the 2nd round, then make rousey's head explode with a death stare
2	nirvana vapour tomorrow only we're offering %20 off the entire collection candles
2	chicagocubs chicago cubs mlb kris bryant in lineup after leaving sunday's game with dizziness
2	jhonny gonzalez is looking to make a return on floyd mayweather's undercard on september 12
2	david price on an august 3rd day game in toronto: "i've never been in an atmosphere like this before." gtfoh.
2	oliseh shops for players in london: super eagles coach, sunday okechukwu oliseh has started shopping for the n...
2	so we got 2/3rd of the shield teaming with randy orton to take on 2/3rd of the wyatt family with sheamus in a six-man tag match. wwe raw
2	seth rollins may have lost, but he broke cena! rawsanjose
2	jason_bb17 hey you see karma is something, you see if everything go right shelli would be leaving the big brother house on thursday..bb17
2	seth rollins going all in thinking the nose may have been cena's horcrux. raw
2	looks like i'm done with kpop guys
2	a feud with john cena may be enough to make me interested in seth rollins again. there has to be some irony in there.
2	worldheavyweightchampionship seth rollins losing would make a lousy monday into the best day ever
2	jenlharrison sshirlicaibmco2 i think you may want to consider david price's shoe laces for jordan lol
2	josh hamilton just chased a pitch in the dirt for the first out of the 1st.
2	"labron's going to be moderating that, if i understand" -- john kasich on thursday's cleveland fox debate ... votersfirst
2	wwe seth rollins should put his title on the line every monday. that what's best for business!
2	update: still raining. in the meantime, you can read about how kris bryant's view on sliding may have changed sunday:
2	thedamiensandow piper's pit, sun dome in tampa. hulk hogan accepts the challenge from andre the giant for wmiii! i was there! unforgetable
2	if david price can get 11 k's wearing jordan's i'm going to footlocker first thing tomorrow bluejays
2	- as i said immediately after her fight on saturday, if you aren't behind rousey at this point, it's envy. if i...
2	in this second time i've watched ant-man and this time i was the only one that stayed for the 2nd after credits scene
2	nl rookie of the year race is still wide open. kris bryant 10 for his last 76. joc hitting .175 since june 5. sleeper is giants' matt duffy.
2	i guess its good to keep brock lesnar for the 3rd hour keeppeoplewatching raw wwe
2	brock lesnar and the undertaker in their may/december feud raw
2	"on august 23rd my client brock lesnar will stamp the repeat in eat, sleep, conquer, repeat!" fact! heymanhustle raw
2	nononannette30 playing around on the piano. paul mccartney 's so bad and carole king's will you still love me tomorrow. sleep tight.
2	josh hamilton catch top of the 7th. sctop10
2	when hulk hogan came out as hollywood hogan... or when the undertaker was beaten at wrestlemania... c'mon man... drake not even in top 5
2	football update 7pm scrimmage game v jcm tuesday night at usj. rumor has it that chuck norris and hulk hogan will fight at halftime.
2	jeremybotter adamhilllvrj if rousey got hit with 9 significant strikes sat i'm passing.may take cyborg if enough $$$ comes in on rousey
2	ronda rousey fight on facebook may fuel copyright critics: ... facebook fb 0.14% , the ufc and rousey at least...
2	schumer pairs with schumer and rousey may be a movie star! tonight on trending.
2	it looks like a lot of you prefer to have kpop shows in december. would you rather have a show before finals or after finals? kpop
2	mlbroundtrip is live with jimmemolo and cjnitkowski discussing the mets in 1st place, david price, and taking your calls at 866-652-6696
2	saraki promises robust legislation to end boko haram: bukola saraki, the senate president on monday said that ...
2	transfusing young blood into the veins of the old? wow. sounds like george osborne's budget to me.
2	newtopic brewers vs. padres: monday game report: ryan braun collected his 287th double in the first ... brewers
2	kris bryant was back in the cubs' lineup and ready to play before monday night's rainout in pittsburgh, but his...
2	nigeria's army said late on sunday that it rescued 178 people held by islamist militant group boko haram in...
2	but i'll just read "paper towns" while i wait because i'm seeing it tomorrow.
2	did john kasich stand out in gop forum?: kasich delivered clear performance at monday's gop forum. but with so...
2	motorolauk when will you get 2gb ram version of moto g 3rd gen model?
2	john kasich looks like sure bet to make cleveland prime-time debate; 8th in new poll
2	paper towns is closing up and its last shows are thursday august 6th. the dinosaurs are are going extinct again...
2	oliseh returns next week for afcon qualifier: super eagles coach, sunday oliseh, will return to the country next...
2	real sentence: josh donaldson drove in troy tulowitzki with his 29th hr of the season to give david price and the bluejays the lead.
2	gentle reminder, if you wish to see ant-man and or minions, you will need to do so prior to friday, august 7.
2	the sharknado is ready for the playoffs. are you? we're hosting game 2 on thursday - $1 beers and $2 moe's tacos! finsup
2	"we have still one schedule left,around 20-25 days work left with srk . we finish that in nov &amp; then raees is ready for next eid" - ritesh
2	happy tuesday... this is late, but i'm sure i'm not the only one who things that the rousey fight was stopped prematurely. you?
2	super eagles coach sunday oliseh meets with chelsea's victor moses in london
2	selling 3 zac brown band tickets. saturday august 15, citizens bank park in philly. please let me know if you're interested!
2	super eagles coach, sunday oliseh, meets chelsea striker, victor moses: oliseh confirmed the meeting via his t...
2	so it's looking like floyd mayweather's last fight will be september 12th. i still think he fights again after that.too much cash. boxing
2	one of the pitchers the tigers got in david price deal.
2	lhp matt boyd, traded to tigers in david price deal, will start tomorrow vs. the royals. bluejays
2	"channelstv: the u.s. says the boko haram sect in north-east nigeria may have benefitted from money gotten from crude oil theft.
2	the u.s. says the boko haram sect in north-east nigeria may have benefitted from money gotten from crude oil theft
2	chuck norris:jan strangle you with a cordless phone.
2	oliseh, super eagles coach eager to prove critics wrong: new nigeria coach sunday oliseh is determined to show he...
2	floyd mayweather announces he will face andre berto on september 12 at the mgm grand las vegas.
2	more hugs till he faces rousey...then he gets ko'd or choked out
2	been to dunkin donuts so much that ravish now says "see you tomorrow" ...
2	who will take the stage in the first republican debate this thursday in cleveland? will ohio governor john kasich...
2	so john kasich beats out rick perry for the 10th spot
2	floyd mayweather has confirmed that he will fight andre berto september 12th 2015.
2	just in: ohio governor john kasich made the cut for thursday's gop presidential debate in cleveland hosted by fox news.
2	just in: john kasich makes the cut for the main gopdebate stage thursday night.
2	john kasich gets the final spot at thursday's gop debate. specialreport
2	john kasich made the cut for thursday night's republican debate, but rick perry did not.
2	boxingego: floyd mayweather jr and showtime make it official. mayweather vs. berto sept 12th showtime ppv.
2	"after all, no republican has ever won the presidency without ohio," says ohio gov. john kasich, who got the coveted 10th spot on stage
2	my tweets are so inconsistent. i can go from "mon scotland" to "nirvana are amazing" to "i love doctor who" in the space of 5 minutes.
2	here's the line-up for thursday: john kasich is in, rick perry is out in first republican debate inthecle
2	floyd mayweather has just revealed his opponent in his last fight ever on september 12. will you watch it?
2	what are you doing this thursday night? want to find your true self? zen out and reach nirvana with a little free...
2	chris christie and john kasich make the cut // ricks perry and santorum do not
2	christie, kasich make cut for fox debate; rick perry out - john kasich secured the ninth and 10th spots, respectiv...
2	floyd mayweather will go toe to toe with haitian-american boxer andre berto on september 12 in his final fight - bad luck mundine nochance
2	nicholsuprising it's all about the money i think kochs will start dating john kasich over scott walker and john may be scotty boy out
2	washington (reuters) - republican governors chris christie and john kasich on tuesday grabbed the last spots on stage next to front-r...
2	qualifying 10th means that gov. john kasich will be on one end, with donald trump stage center via dispatchalerts
2	back in 9th grade, i told people how my favorite song was nirvana by sam. people said "never heard of the song and the guy must not be good"
2	chris christie and ohio gov. john kasich make last two spots 9 &amp; 10 of republican presidential candidate tv debate this thurs on fox.
2	sipp is facing josh hamilton with two on, two out in the 5th.
2	stephmcmahon snapple tripleh can you ask seth rollins to have an open challenge on monday night raw for the 3 weeks until john cena retur
2	tonight with us is shosports bcustertv breaking down everything floyd mayweather vs. andre berto on september 12th.
2	im having like a terrible day and maddie just made it ten times better with dunkin tomorrow
2	if you try to run on josh hamilton, you're asking to be thrown out. his bat may be deteriorating, but that arm is still there.
2	so chris christie, rick perry, and john kasich are fighting for their lives to make the gop debate on thursday. who will miss out?
2	morning coffee with kudanai and his playlist. michael jackson, billy joel, nirvana, bon jovi, the last unicorn
2	by george aluo super eagles' head coach, sunday oliseh, has declared that he is con- demned to winning next...
2	the 2nd episode also features an interview w/ tom dakers of bluebirdbanter, who joined the podcast to discuss the david price &amp; tulo trades
2	thefrenchbeard the_hindu watchout malinip may call you vampire. but then rly minister is bjp and not yakub &amp;she will let pass
2	mlbfantasy ryan braun reached base four times tuesday, going 2-for-2 with two walks and two runs scored as the brewers downed the pa...
2	motorola rolls out 'moto xpress' doorstep after-sales service: after launching the much awaited moto g (3rd ge...
2	i want to watch paper towns on thursday but i seriously have no one to go with. loner foreverloner
2	bethe correia still thinks she can beat rousey and that santa claus is coming december 25th.
2	floyd mayweather announces andre berto fight: american set to retire after september 12 bout, the last of a si...
2	after blocking roads adjacent to islamic centre, housinggovmv plans to make everyday a friday or eid so that the mosque will always be full
2	andre berto gets the call for floyd mayweather's "final" fight. sept 12. start booking hotel rooms now!
2	sunday oliseh meets with victor moses in london (photo): super eagles coach, sunday oliseh has started the pro...
2	omar_quraishi uncle u were talking about yakub hanging by indian courts the other day? military courts..awesome!!
2	indie grind news cara, michelle - on july 5, cara delevingne hit the red carpet of the "paper towns" premiere in s...
2	david price is my late uncle's nephew. although he may not remember me or know me personally, there is no...
2	thoughts on the detroit tigers, arian foster, and floyd mayweather in today's daily six pack: sports mlb nba nfl
2	kris bryant's dizzyness sunday and hbp on the hand yesterday are concerning. i think he could benefit from 2-4 days off.
2	rick perry came in behind john kasich and will not be in the debate tomorrow. he's fallen quite a bit since being...
2	scxrrr do not get into kpop u may or may not be able to control urself and the storage in ur phone bc of saving too much pics
2	it's a longshot, but if i were a betting man, which i am not, i'd say john kasich may end up the gop nominee. it's not going to be chump.
2	floyd mayweather vs andre berto on september 12. will he make it 49-0 or it will be 48-1? ssboxing
2	britain's head boy ticks off chilcot for being nearly as flexible about deadlines as george osborne
2	ohio governor john kasich will be in the big gop debate during prime time thursday.
2	windmobile any chance that you guys will be offering the new moto g (3rd gen) in the near future?
2	no media hallah no julush for late sepoy rachpal singh. or it may be he is not terorist like yakub ."narendramodi
2	why then should the world wonder the works of boko haram isis and alqueda, alshabaab, etc
2	"big brother is like cigarettes or whiskey. 1st time you want to puke. after you overcome your natural aversion you develop a craving."
2	ringsidec i have got to win "what figure wednesday" i know that it is dean ambrose and my instagram is dez_is_here12 please!!!!!
2	if rousey runs throught tate the 3rd time around, the cyborg, rousey fight has to happen. or just let her clean out the whole division
2	do not close your eyes to boko haram because they are in the north today, they could be anywhere tomorrow -repwilson bringbackourgirlsnow
2	johnkasich has the mo! 2 in nh will help raise $ &amp; get press. there's a lot to like w/ every man gov john kasich.
2	seth rollins, the authority must break up to create better storylines: this past monday, following the "in me...
2	in thursday's gop presidential debate, john kasich and donald trump will have the least scripted responses.
2	kccinews this is news? rly? lol. if in the ring with rousey, i too, would run away. older and fatter than lolo i may not last a minute!
2	davidprice14 gordonthegoat13 8 ip, 3 h, 11 k in 1st start as a bluejay.....are you talking about a different david price? ace
2	josh hamilton &amp; shin-soo choo off tonight with lefty scott kazmir on mound for astros.
2	super eagles head coach,sunday oliseh to ring the closing bell at nigeria stock exchange (nse) on monday, august 17 2015 nigeriamagazine
2	our makeup game vs the cgywhitesox has been rained out for the 4th time, due to sharknado like event in the area. we'll try again tomorrow
2	ugh why didnt i just go see paul mccartney on friday &gt;&gt;&gt; anything else
2	you listen to too much kpop when you can guess every kpop song you know by the 1st sec! kpopers
2	axelmania still running wild? as we all know, wwe terminated hulk hogan's contract on july 24th after he made...
2	floyd mayweather vs andre berto, sept 12th at the mgm grand, live on showtime ppv floydmayweather andreberto
2	the voting rights act turns 50 on thursday. a funny thing happened on the way to post-racial nirvana at the polls.
2	cpasheldon wish i knew more about gov. john kasich. we will find out more tomorrow.....i hope.
2	i know kris bryant can play 3rd and play it well, but i just don't think he has the instinct to play it at the level others can. cubs
2	in 22 starts david price has 149 strikeouts. in his 22nd start hutchinson just got his 100th strikeout. hutch has some work to do bluejays
2	everybody with cable is going to be so hungover friday. the official gop debate drinking game rules | rolling stone -
2	n.h. poll: trump still 1st, but the mentally unstable john kasich jumps like a boss into 2nd place -
2	hey anyone wanna see the zac brown band with me on sunday at fenway?
2	bethe correia called rousey out again? clearly she had a few screws knocked loose on saturday night.
2	the news networks are covering the trump debate this thursday like it's a floyd mayweather fight.
2	a senseless error by starlin castro and kris bryant led to a pirates run in the 5th inning:
2	thenotoriousmma ufc195 jan 2nd. aldo vs mcgregor, rousey vs tate. at least $13m gate alone. just dip into that money to bring you pal over
2	moxiemom john kasich is "tan", rested, and ready. he's ready to get "1/3rd" of the black vote and not be a "nutjob"..*sarc* coolczech1
2	ryan braun drives double off cf fence with one down in 8th. just missed 250th career hr.
2	please. rousey will make cyborg her bitch. too bad cyborg loves the juice.
2	wallflower_ish also may be sending more like them will divide india, like in yakub case with support of ghantallectuals....
2	5h and the multiple delays of their 1st album drove me to kpop..... i hope they're happy
2	go set a watchman initial reaction: oh no, it's a period romance. but i like what the guardian did with the web stuff
2	what's new in jmwewrestling? 1. aj styles returns and may fued with seth rollins for the title. 2. the return of asteroid on jmwe nxt
2	oliseh woos ibe: head coach of the super eagles, sunday oliseh has held talks with liverpool starlet,... femnath
2	aldo-mcgregor, rousey eyed for cowboys stadium on december 5 via bleacherreport she's best female fighter
2	previously: floyd mayweather pictured for the 1st time since fight with pacquiao
2	christians, muslims, and hebrews alike unite, and may the teachings of god solidify the cause of a worldwide government body and its courts.
2	big brother is watching, so you may as well freak him out by visiting area51.org.
2	nigeria friendly against ghana may be on the cards: nigeria's super eagles and ghana's black stars may come he...
2	"gbewa1: rc1023fm deartosin if i may ask what are the boko haram fighting for?" even they don't know.
2	rousey rising: a benchwarmer argues against those who call the ufc champ's ... - santa maria sun robot
2	sunday oliseh woes jordan ibe for super eagles: super eagles head coach, sunday oliseh, has revealed that he m...
2	second suggestion for the gop debate: give john kasich 5 minutes of uninterrupted time to explain why he's 10th out of these 10 dudes.
2	like, is he going to be making david price 2nd and 3rd arb year money?
2	pmb approves amnesty for boko haram? may it turn out to be rumour!
2	kreacher10 samsungmobilein googleindia only time will tell. haven't got the 5.1 fr my moto g 2nd ed yet
2	motorolaindia i want to get my moto g 1st gen exchnagr with new moto g 3rd gen. pls give me a deal. let's start a contest for it
2	does anyone want four tickets to zac brown band for saturday night?
2	calamityford going intn med overdrive with chynna and rousey. symptoms. : / wondering if fleas may b catalyst. grr! coffee time! hugsxo
2	starts friday, august 7th, max, paper towns, testament of youth. buy reserved seats online with no service fee at...
2	latest: jack mcdermott quits job at mcdonalds just weeks after coming 4th on big brother celebrity
2	what did you think of nasser's story this sunday? were you challenged in your thoughts about muslims and how god...
2	today (august 6) in 1993 nirvana play at the mia zapata benefit in seattle. the band played this show unannounced.
2	croft42 remember when you said he should win rookie of the year over kris bryant?
2	finally got to watch sunday and wednesday's big brother and i'm so sad to know that clay and shelli are splitting in the game!
2	we've got robinblackmma on the show this sunday at 10:30 am ct. we'll talk new ufc fights, rousey, palhares and more on tsn1290radio!
2	i'll play brock lesnar's theme on september 1st lmao slowly approaching the squad
2	alltheanime stephaniesheh askanimeltd do you hope for a season 3/2nd movie for haruhi suzumiya? were you surprised with how naruto ended?
2	before the mll championship this saturday, rolling stone wrote up this feature on paul rabil and rob pannell...
2	store offers watchman refund. interesting if you 1st refresh on tkam, otherwise not much but read many worse! gsaw
2	presidential candidate and gop ohio gov. john kasich on sunday defended his support of medicaid under obamacare, arguing the decision was
2	"no one is forced to buy the pay per view," - floyd mayweather. i think boxing fans may take him up on that .. mayweatherberto
2	from july 27 2015, rowdy roddy piper giving his opinion on hulk hogan (and the "racist" comments). probably his...
2	wait, who's that running into the debate? it's... it's hulk hogan as the 18th candidate! and he just clobbered jeb with a chair gopdebate
2	charliedrumm0nd it may be old news for you. just watched your series of big brother on youtube. gutted you never won. xx
2	will the new series of celebrity big brother run for five weeks? cbb
2	"i was a donald trump supporter for president but then i heard john kasich make some good point so now so i switched" - said no one tomorrow
2	(motorola moto g 2015 review) buy now from amazon motorola calls it the moto g (3rd...
2	ready for the 1st debate, all in for john kasich.
2	"john kasich, you may know him? anyone?" gopdebate
2	last monday on raw seth rollins he was talking about john cena nose smackdown
2	floyd mayweather confirmed september 12 will be his last fight and he's happy to go out 48-0
2	john kasich was the 1st one to bring up reagan, points down for him future gopdebate
2	if democrats held a chapelle show-style draft, i'd take john kasich with the 1st pick. ithoughtyouhadtobecrazytocometothisparty gopdebate
2	john kasich soliciting donations from the donald on the debate stage may be out trumping trump. gopdebate
2	i think that this hoh will straddle into the next big brother show on sunday at 8/7c on cbs
2	matoswk75 this followed by a big brother eviction episode = greatest thursday night tv lineup since the early '90s.
2	why is john kasich there? was he the 12th caller? gopdebate
2	i'm going to research this john kasich fellow tomorrow. he has my attention.
2	gopdebate john kasich is like 10th in the polls. why is he getting all this time? had to be a deal for the hometown gov.
2	john kasich came to my house when i was little, &amp; had me stand beside him in the photo when my class visited d.c. in 8th grade. yep.
2	john kasich was the last qualifier for the big gopdebate, 10th in the polls. he probably moved up tonight.
2	bigbrothernet, you never know with big brother that may have changed the rules expect the unexpected bb17
2	after all the hype from every mlb analyst on the planet, cactus league legend/pre-roy kris bryant only the 3rd best rookie on his team.
2	sorry for the big brother spam y'all! it's a thursday thing!
2	moto g (2nd generation) just rs.8099 pay with sbi card black white
2	john kasich reminds us he was chairmen of the house budget committee for at least the 5th time tonight lol gopdebate
2	flipkart i had made a purchase of moto g 3rd gen and was eligible for moto360 re 1 &amp; 100% cashback.where can i check the list of winners?
2	still waiting on frank ocean to drop his album.. it's august 6 already
2	time to watch the njpw equivalent of kane versus seth rollins from wednesday's g1climax
2	warriordurant they won the belts from the spirit squad &amp; the potato sunday ppv &amp; lost the belts to randy orton &amp; edge 8 days later on raw.
2	at the end of night only john kasich was on top with trump. these two may not yet be owned by kochbrothers. wonder?
2	john xena may have gotten his nose broke by seth rollins but obummer nose when the both korean bombs going to break or nation i follow back
2	otd in 1957 the quarrymen played the cavern club liverpool for 1st time, although paul mccartney was away at scout camp. newlpooltours
2	yea sasuke tho ever since naruto became hokage &amp; stopped going on missions has become the strongest ninja alive leaving naruto in 2nd place
2	airtel_presence i got one offer "airtel double data offer with moto g (3rd gen.) for 3g/4g customers" on flipkart, so haw can i avail this.
2	super eagles coach sunday oliseh calls up 23 players from the glonpfl for the africa cup of nations qualifier...
2	big brother starting next friday? at the end of this morning rylan slipped up &amp; said 'don't cause you'll get me sacked before friday night
2	the guy at dunkin just said "see you tomorrow" because he knows that i'm there every day
2	chuck norris doesn't wear a wat.h. he dec;des what time it is.
2	if chuck norris is telling you to relax on friday, then it's wise to do so. factsonly
2	if you like, pull a frank ocean. tire plenty for ojuelegba.
2	some say gov. john kasich won thursday's gop debate. see our analysis and vote for the night's top performer:
2	fast forward to thursday night, when fox news host megyn kelly asked john kasich a question about about same-sex...
2	frank ocean should just wait until winter to drop his album now, i have a feeling it may be needed then
2	biodiversity human floyd mayweather may know who ronda rousey is, but he certainly doesn't seem to care. in...
2	if chuck norris can have a chill friday, so can you. come celeberate the weekend, and chill out on our patio with...
2	advice to each gop candidate in order of how i think they finished 9th place john kasich contrast with bush more gopdebate tcot p2
2	check out the replay of ctsportsradio from tues as we talk rousey, cfb playoff predictions, and our nfl team previews right now &amp; all day!
2	friday in the food court: dierks bentley, clark manson, jason aldean, kip moore, ira dean, christian kane, kenny chesney &amp; josh abbott band
2	zac brown band on september 11 or ac/dc on september 15 at down the line rooftop $99.00 chicagodeals
2	i wanted a performance of bad blood in like may. i want wildest dreams at the vmas.
2	thomasaroberts john kasich may sound fine unless of course you're a public sector worker who has lost collective barg rights.
2	our actions suggest we are seeking a lower standard of paradise, not the same paradise that the 1st generation of muslims sought
2	fri aug 07 11:54:09 +0000 2015 "testing motorola's moto g 3rd-gen mobe: is it still king of the hill? jockeying for position in the mid-range market
2	msnbc what does this tell us? "big brother holds its broadcast lead on thursday night, but scripted fare falters against the gopdebate"
2	gretchencarlson i think marco rubio &amp; john kasich tied for 1st donald trump the clear loser!!
2	windmobile just wondering when you'll have the new moto g (3rd gen) in stock and will it have the 1gb ram or 2gb ram option. hope it's soon
2	frank ocean better not joke about tomorrow
2	book your private jet flight to vegas to see floyd mayweather v andre berto on september 12th at the mgm grand...
2	it wasn't pretty but kris bryant throws to rizzo 1st to get hunter pence to end the 4th the score remains cubs 1, giants 1
2	tomorrow marks 13 years since hulk hogan lost to brock lesnar on the august 8th, 2002 episode of smackdown!
2	new divas tag team division in the works? the future of seth rollins &amp; john cena. wwe divas sethrollins johncena
2	the video was shot during the floyd mayweather vs. andre berto press conference yesterday, the 6th.
2	danawhite mcgregor vs aldo and rousey vs tate 3 december 5th, dallas, tx at&amp;t stadium....sound good to you?
2	kris bryant steals his 11th base of the year. cubs
2	i know sir writes for a lot of ppl but listening to seven sunday's wouldn't be surprised if he had frank ocean credits.
2	bethandbono my girlfriend is a prime case. has gotten big into u2 lately but didnt know the words to gloria/party girl/electric co/ october
2	40 pitches in the 1st inning is not david price like
2	tonight's game takes priority but come tomorrow it will be david price who takes centre stage: bluejays yankees
2	just finished "paper towns", and i have to say,the first part of the book was great, but it started to get boring in the 2nd &amp; the 3rd part
2	fariqbazaha oh hahaha faham-faham. agaklah, kalau compare dengan nexus? is it still worth it to go for moto g 3rd gen? kau rasa?
2	ow3n8on are you going to sam smith tomorrow??
2	more about nothing x wale friday night lights x j.cole the movie x gucci the lonny breaux collection x frank ocean is mixtapes you need
2	seeing ant-man tomorrow, flat, it just isn't worth $40 *more* to see it in 3d. we'll just have to use our imaginations.
2	tomorrow is august 8th . frank ocean , let me down if you want to ..
2	"at times during the first gop debate on thursday night, it was hard to tell who was talking: pope francis or...john kasich." lol gop
2	blue jays 3.5 games out with david price on the mound tomorrow...
2	hey guys...david price starts for the blue jays tomorrow...
2	bluejays take the opener 2-1 in 10 innings! now 3.5 behind the yankees. david price goes tomorrow against ivan nova.
2	and you get david price tomorrow yankees
2	big win and some guy named david price is pitching for the jays tomorrow
2	if viz media had licensed one piece, luffy may have been voiced by maile flanagan, who does naruto. that's just me.
2	on the bright side at least we're playing against david price tomorrow
2	moto g 3rd gen the best budget phone ?
2	sportyspicesf ah i thought it was sunday. thanks. sam smith is sunday i think and black keys tomorrow
2	boruto: naruto the movie is out in japan and i have to wait till october to watch it ):
2	some kid sat down today and said "make me look like nirvana" ... like which person?
2	etnowlive sagarikaghose who can tell you? so far, all gone questioning. try talking to the gone, may be yakub could help !
2	check out omen from disclosure ft. sam smith, from the upcoming album caracal available september 25th disclosure
2	rajeevv hi how are you now were are you am back to china for eid after eid im planned to go please call me may number 9747610055
2	may or may not have danced with jackeichel11 at zac brown band tonight lifegoalcomplete
2	dunkin's hard at work prepping the track for saturday night's arnoldmotor supply knoxvilleraces 360nats finale!
2	sports blue jays-yankees preview - david price's first road start for the toronto blue jays may prove exactly why...
2	dustin johnson hits off the 16th tee during the second round of the world golf championships - bridgestone...
2	sonja_jaja i'm literally struggling as we speak--i'm traveling in march and i listen to soooo much kpop that it's past time!
2	i want to see a live performance of nirvana playing jesus doesn't want me for a sun beam where chris noveselic does an accordion solo
2	tomorrow k and i are going to see paper towns!
2	participate in independence day contest and get a chance to win moto g 3rd gen on 18 august 2015....
2	floyd mayweather tells ronda rousey to call him ... when she makes... [baltimore sun] boxing
2	m:i 5 was... ok. nowhere near as awesome the 4th was. glad i didn't spend $11 at the theater for it. i would rather watch ant-man again.
2	she made her entrance with the tune of "bad blood" omg sbnabs
2	cubster huggs &amp; love go out today to my big brother steve prado because you and i may have had our fights...
2	dang. kris bryant's in like a month and a half slump. will bounce back. guaranteed. those guaranteeing roy may want him to hit again though.
2	vodafonein i have bought moto g 3rd gen, it has a gsm and a lte (micro sim) slot,i put my primary number in the gsm slot, (1/2)
2	david price's last start against the yankees on april 22: 2.1 ip | 10 h | 8 er | 3 bb | 2 k
2	cattle market to be set up at super highway from aug 15: karachi: in connection with eid ul azha, the cattle m...
2	headtheball_ michaellfc28 your damn straight your guessing derek, i may be a naruto fanboy but i'm also the reincarnation of brad pitt
2	if i feel up to going to mum's eye check up may try and see ant-man
2	i take it it's for holiday/schools being off reasons that paper towns opens here on a monday(?)
2	sonny gray and david price are 2nd and 4th in era respectively in the al
2	rickrolls, rumours and riddles: the hype behind frank ocean's new album | music | the guardian
2	i've woke up everyday since august 1st to google frank ocean for news. everyday i don't have his new album is a day not worth waking up for
2	caitlyn jenner and kris jenner came face to face in public for the first time friday night and it was all to...
2	tomorrow: read about the very special playhouse prince george will receive shepherdshut royals plankbridge
2	hulk hogan may have been dumped from wwe's upcoming tour of australia, but he's still a champ in the eyes of his daughter brooke.
2	if brendan ryan were on the dodgers w/ david price the opposing pitcher, and purposely swung at a 2-0 fastball w/ 1st and 3rd and down 5...
2	donald trump may have just secured a prime-time debate spot for carly fiorina gapol
2	imma promote the shit out of calibraska in london town tomorrow
2	david price finishes his start with 7 ip and 0 r. this is his 2nd career start against the yankees without allowing a run (9/13/2010 w/tb)
2	bases loaded in the 1st for kris bryant--no pressure...
2	cubs strike first in the 1st after kris bryant hit into a fielders choice, they lead the sfgiants 1-0.
2	matt cain legit just hung 5 straight pitches over the plate. kris bryant fouled 4 of them, 5th one - a long dinger. can't make that mistake!
2	game in progress, but kris bryant has hit his 15th hr. he has 3-rbis at the moment.
2	amentilone rosie did start it when he gave a miss usa a 2nd chance with drug rehab. rosie stated throwing mud and he took her on.
2	50% done with every other monday, by john kasich: has to respect the "spiritual firewall" ...
2	miguel montero with a go-ahead rbi single in his return from the dl, scoring kris bryant. the cubs lead the giants 4-3, bottom of the 5th.
2	seth rollins on monday night raw in san jose california august 3 at the sap center
2	a little country on a saturday night with jason aldean and kenny chesney
2	the safeco field roof is being closed as rangers open the 11th with back-to-back singles. runners on the corners for josh hamilton.
2	vzwsupport any idea if the moto g (3rd gen) will be available on verizon anytime soon?
2	josh hamilton stays chill after putting the rangers on top 4-3 in the 11th.
2	so espn, is it true that kris bryant will win nl roy as long as he is still breathing in october? does he even need to swing the bat again?
2	thursday's flight pattern of fbi spy plane (east, south dearborn) contains areas with high concentration of muslims compared to sunday area.
2	deanambrosenet so my dean ambrose stuff left ohio at 5:25am so it should be here monday or tuesday cause i live in michigan
2	saturday night observation: i'm really surprised seth rollins never "had to" change his hair style after winning the world title.
2	josh hamilton. joshthemandan have you seen these exceptional cameron images? you may want to check:
2	josh hamilton with his 5th game-winning rbi this season. rangers
2	after friday night's confrontation with teammate jose iglesias, mccann responding like the leader david price called him. two hits, rbi.
2	biindmeion nirvana, any time someone says the season winter out loud, the "may i offer you an egg in this trying time" quote, dead girl wal
2	holm won't beat rousey. she may land a few good punches but she'll get dropped on her head and submitted. ufcnashville
2	i'm watching sharknado 3 for the first and only time and i finally understand why donald trump may be the next american president.
2	fact: the core of carly fiorina's support comes from people who knew nothing about her before 4:59 pm on thursday. checkherrecord
2	remember when everyone thought frank oceans new album was gonna come out july 20th and here we are now august 8th with no frank ocean album
2	carly fiorina on the 2nd amendment atta girl .hildogs worst nightmare
2	with nunes/holm/pena all carving out potential paths to title shots, the cupboard may not be as bare for rousey as we thought.
2	danawhite wait a tick nunes cannot fight tate forgot she is set to fight rousey again for the 10th time lol j/k
2	so while she may have figured out the "old rousey" it may be ill advised to think that she has any advantage going into this trilogy fight.
2	'forget the differences between the hindus and muslims, and think of yourselves as indians' sujataanandan gulrayys
2	motorola when will we have more moto g 3rd gen 16g in the usa?
2	itsjaydentho he was like my favorite in 5th grade and then he pulled a frank ocean and dissappeared
2	la on monday- bernie taking the same stage as metallica, bruce springsteen, rolling stones, u2, the who, pink floyd, van halen bernie2016
2	to be fair to keshi he didn't call up many second division players to the super eagles just 1st division bench warmers ahead of regulars
2	josh hamilton's go-ahead rbi in the 11th, opened up the floodgates, as 7 more runs were scored. texas rangers won 11-3 over mariners. mlb
2	ironically when leon balogun was called up to the super eagles by keshi, he was a bench warmer for a 2nd div. team, today in the bundesliga
2	rangers josh hamilton went 2-for-5 with a run and two rbis including the go-ahead, eventual game-winner in the 11th. mlb
2	it looks like carly fiorina is going to do the full ginsburg on the sunday morning news shows. trump will do all but fox. lol.
2	anybody want to see ant-man tomorrow?
2	frank ocean said he dropping an album at july. its july 40 and theres no new frank ocean. i aint acknowledging august till he drop the album
2	let's just hope cyborg and rousey fight in december is more than just a rumor. ufc
2	so apparently today is carly fiorina sunday on all the talking heads show. this is a job for netflix!
2	tanahashi may be the shawn michaels of njpw but this wrestler right here is the randy orton of new japan. (scheduled tweet)
2	photo: cyborg calls out rousey - 'how about april?'
2	style news republican presidential hopeful carly fiorina said sunday that she would oppose a governm... ny dc
2	kcsixtyseven looks like one of those massive u2 heads you used to see on tfi friday.
2	boy, does jeisrael have u covered for sun shows: carly fiorina promises to cut federal jobs, just like she did at hp
2	is caitlyn jenner more attracted to men or women? on this sunday's episode of i am cait, the 65-year-old reality star is faced with that
2	u2 - sunday bloody sunday: this is not a rebel song and it's not against on sunday...it's all about anyday.
2	escmattez she now goes by the name katie price &amp; recently celebrity big brother back in january.
2	dustin johnson hasn't recovered since saturday at the open championship. absolute head case right now
2	sydney's bad blood costumes for the august 15th show in santa clara! taylorswift13 taylornation13
2	kingdragneel hmmm,, i still wait for the news of fairy tail vol 34,, and for naruto vol 70, it will release on september 2.. :/
2	just wondering, does anyone know if sun yang been hanging out with floyd mayweather?
2	caitlyn jenner &amp; kris jenner pose together in 1st joint selfie. see the picture --&gt;
2	dacanes3 yeah. i just expect cyborg to accuse the ufc and rousey of being afraid of her when the dec fight doesn't get booked.
2	the 2 "best p4p fighters" rousey currently and jones all-time 1-rousey is 12-0 (100% finishes 97% in the 1st...
2	the 4 colors most widely associated with hulk hogan? red&amp;yellow, black&amp;white the famous lines from the anti-racism sunday school song irony
2	boruto:naruto the movie,comes out october either in valencia,or san diego,but in japanese with english subtitles
2	kpop fandoms may hate eachother but if ppl keep provoking queens it's just going to make those same fandoms wanna vote for t-ara.
2	paige_segerrr kardashianreact paige_segerrr us wednesday morning. i'll pick you up and we can cry along to sam smith songs
2	frank ocean: october 28 me: oh shit! is that when the album drops? frank: no, that's my birthday.... me: fuck that, when the album dropping?
2	i wonder if you heard frank gifford died today?, take care roma
2	i am sad to learn of the death of frank gifford. you made monday night football what it is today. giants nation mourns ur loss. god bless.
2	frank gifford, who died today at 84, worked the masters for cbssports 1969-71 before going to abc to do monday night football.
2	frank gifford was the man on monday night football rip
2	monday nights will always miss you. rip frank gifford
2	may the gods speed him, rip, frank gifford, new york giants legend and husband to kathy lee gifford, dead at 84
2	is dean ambrose a wwe wrestler? if he is he's just retweeted this from april. weird
2	frank gifford, legendary monday night football sportscaster and husband of kathie lee gifford/frank had a great life &amp; just missed 85!
2	caitlyn jenner introduced the band culture club in los angeles on july 24 to a standing ovation.
2	frank gifford's family said he died suddenly sunday morning of natural causes at his connecticut home
2	thank you for what you did on the field &amp; in the booth you helped make monday night football rip frank gifford
2	reelz ceo is 'darn proud' the network aired miss usa pageant: reelz chief executive stan e. hubbard said sunday the cable network was...
2	my heart is sad by the news of frank gifford. may you rest peacefully and may your family always be strong &amp; protected.
2	kathielgifford i am so very sorry for your loss. may god bless you and your family at this difficult time. rip frank gifford,
2	sad that howard cosell, don meredith &amp; now frank gifford have all passed . the original monday night football abc telecast was the best!!
2	frank gifford, nfl star who reigned on monday night, dies: his temporary retirement came after he receive... nfl
2	rip giants legend, frank gifford. gifford was the last of the monday night football triumverate of cosell, gifford and dandy don meredith.
2	frank gifford, who helped make monday night football what it is today, dies at age 84. rip. frankgifford mnf
2	i watched "sharknado" today. watching the 2nd one now.
2	monday night football was never just a game.. it's an event because of cosell, dandy don and frank gifford. sadly all 3 are now gone wkyc
2	so sad to hear frank gifford died. i have some fond memories of watching monday night football with my dad. frank, howard and dandy don.
2	my heart is sad old16 has past frank gifford graced yankees stadium as well as the broadcast booth for monday night football ripc3sports
2	frank gifford now being serenaded with "turn out the lights" by don meredith. rip
2	are you wearing your 1025sendmebackstage shirt at zac brown band today?! tweet us your seats &amp; we just may upgrade you! 1025fenwayweekend
2	frank gifford did more than just monday night football for abc. also a fill-in host for good morning america and late night for olympics
2	rip frank gifford. monday night football has never been the same without you. turnoutthelightsthepartysover
2	may you fly on eagles wings frank gifford. rip
2	rip frank gifford. the voice of monday night football. i didn't know he was 84. condolences to his family and friends.
2	thank god we now have august 9th as the day frank gifford died instead of it being the day michael brown died.
2	chuck norris was born my 6th 1945...the nazi's surrendered may 7 1945....coincidence? i don't think so! chucknorris whoisrobharris
2	frank gifford was what the ny giants were all about in the 50's and 60's. 1st class
2	who is ready for big brother tonight? who do you think well be the next one to go? i have heard rumors may shelly or vanessa ? any thoughts?
2	so deeply sadden for kathie gifford and her family at the loss of frank gifford today. may prayers be with you all ripfrankgifford
2	justme277 realdonaldtrump oh c'mon, he said wonderful frank gifford. like the guy is wonderful?????? duh!!!
2	jeff_gluck2 so, how did you feel about big brother last thursday? who do you hope wins hoh tonight?
2	my memory tells me that frank gifford was the 1st athlete i asked for an autograph. i was a youngster and he was a giant. at a yankee game
2	adbertram ha! i also have it on good authority that chuck norris loved your sessions. see you in november my friend!
2	if you're my age, this was "monday night football!" and these 3 guys are all gone now... so long frank gifford...
2	rip, former nfl star and amazing monday night football commentator frank gifford. thanks for the memories.
2	kris bryant cubs, player of the game sa vs. sfgiants (hr 1-3 2r 3bi), rises to 6th among nl batters in box-toppers pts for '15 (7.5).
2	we covered nirvana's "breed" w/ thespillcanvas and sororitynoise to end the u.s. cttm10 tour last sunday. watch:
2	sad news about frank gifford. i loved watching him play for the giants and then monday night football...we lost a pretty decent man today.
2	frank gifford, dies at 84 - the washington post. i worked with frank way back at wide world of sports. class act. rip
2	rip frank gifford. i remember him most for broadcasting on monday night football with meredith and cosell. he...
2	going to fantasticfour tomorrow. half expecting the box office girl to give me a sad look and say i can see ant-man a second time instead.
2	kathielgifford so sorry for your loss. i will always remember monday night football with frank gifford. xo
2	the story of the time frank gifford was an anonymous guest on our show, monday morning on thedscshow
2	the late frank gifford is the reason why i often say "mundee night" instead of "monday night." espnmondaynight
2	williegeist nbcnightlynews just saw you do the sun. ev news great job. sad to hear about frank gifford..sure kathy lee is devastated.
2	"before the first year, nobody gave it a chance. now, 36 years later, everybody knows monday night football." frank gifford
2	we're watching sharknado 3 a month late. they might as well set the 4th one in iceland &amp; continue to try and pass off scenes filmed in cali
2	what is with august 9??? bernie mac, isaac hayes and now frank gifford all passed away on august 9.
2	frank gifford, a hall of fame football player for the new york giants and a legendary broadcaster, died sunday.
2	frank gifford, the football star turned longtime broadcaster, died sunday of natural causes at his connecticut...
2	very saddened at the loss of frank gifford. monday night football and wide world of sports. some of you may remember his call of evel's jump
2	samira_iz definately, i was hoping we'd get a 3rd part with a ho age naruto &amp; more byakugan development.. the last movie sort of did it
2	i grew up with monday night football. as long as i can remember, frank gifford was part of our household. today...
2	frank gifford dying on hall of fame weekend is strangely bittersweet. he and the monday night football broadcasting team were the best ever.
2	too distracted by the friday night lights theme song to pay attention to the frank gifford tribute.
2	just said that!! on the frank gifford tribute
2	found this after hearing of the loss of frank gifford - what a perfect vision of him? sending prayers up for family
2	my heart felt condolences go out to the gifford family and friends of a great nfl player and icon of monday night football frank gifford rip
2	my heart goes out to frank gifford and family. may all your memories of frank bring you comfort. 1mmemories ripfrankgifford
2	august 9th, 10:10 pm &amp; still no sign of frank ocean. i'll wait for you.
2	karaakline but then i have to leave the house early to get dunkin and i've already accepted the fact that i'm going to be late tomorrow
2	mlbtheshow_tips hey i bought david price for the update tomorrow. do you think he will go to diamond?
2	this is al michaels, with frank gifford and dan dierdorf. growing up in the 80's. monday night football
2	i just heard that frank gifford, nfl hall-of-fame, abc monday night football, father &amp; husband has died. prayers &amp; thoughts 4 his family
2	rip frank gifford, 16 for the ny giants, teammate of cowboys coach tom landry, original play by play sportscaster for mon. night football
2	don't get me wrong i think ray rice deserves a 2nd chance in the nfl and in the court of public opinion but ryan braun can't have that smh
2	many may know frank gifford as a legendary football player devoted to the new york giants. others may hear his...
2	i may be an ardent dallascowboys fan but i still respect the heck out of frank gifford. he was so pivotal to the nfl's growth.
2	literally everyone on my tl is talking about naruto im screaming this my wordt night mar e before christmas this should be ilega
2	football star frank gifford, 84, who teamed with howard cosell &amp; don meredith on "monday night football," died obit
2	ap dinner tomorrow but nothing in the morning. anyone wanna go to dunkin' donuts tomorrow morning?
2	aynrandy i had the moto e 1st gen, now i have the moto e 2nd gen, girlfriend has the 2nd generation moto g, they are all exactly as you say
2	ok frank ocean may be like 10 days late but i got email updates along with my tumblr notifications on fleek. boys don't cry come my way
2	amanda nunes won't call out rousey but she may be the biggest threat to rousey's title mmacrypt mma
2	my predictions for the bb100 tomorrow 1.) cfmf 2.) dmd 3.) cheerleader 4.) watch me 5.) lean on 6.) bad blood 7.) see you again 8.) my way +
2	1st they didnt cheat 2nd you're going against kpop don't you understand that it's not just one band??
2	robert kraft statement on the passing of frank gifford via sharethis frank gifford was missed when left mon. note!
2	why blue jays nation has fallen in love with david price - toronto sun
2	i'm calling it right now, frank ocean is dropping his new album this tuesday.
2	meanwhile david price 2-0 with era under 1....
2	would anyone want to see jason aldean september 19
2	giants star, voice of mnf gifford dies: nfl legend frank gifford passed away on sunday of natural causes, the ...
2	its officially pga week, dustin johnson was 2nd here last time, he's our pick...
2	new moto x, moto g, 2nd-gen moto 360 smartwatch: all about motorola devices ... - ibnlive
2	sayesothehiphop yeah, him and seth rollins have a long feud with each other. couple years ago, the two of them along with a 3rd dude named
2	what frank gifford passed away? my condolences to you kathielgifford and your family. may you feel the lord surround you during this time
2	bieberxzouisx hopeful_2014 not every thing dear, you already lose once. not to mention to a kpop group also. lol. and this will be you 2nd
2	moderate rain fall in d.c., prince george's &amp; charles counties. showers also in culpeper. 1st day of school there!
2	last of the original, inimitable monday night football crew. frank gifford, n.f.l. star &amp; broadcaster, dies at 84
2	frank gifford may have been a very nice man! but, he cheated on kathy lee with a woman who videotaped the incident!
2	having a crap monday? let's all just enjoy this shovel that sounds like nirvana
2	hdner may allah bring an end to the suffering of syrians , especially suffering of muslims.
2	mmilive hi! is it still possible to purchase sam smith nov 21 concert tickets? what are the prices? :) thanks!
2	with frank gifford's passing, keith jackson is the lone survivor of the original monday night football telecasters
2	what do you think of the outfit caitlyn jenner wore to kylie's 18th?
2	like c'mon, kpop fans vote almost everyday, for every music shows + award shows at the end of the year + different polls. we live by voting
2	arunjaitley issuing notices to channels fr cntent arnd yakub's hangng that yr govt may not agree with is unjustified
2	foxnews carly fiorina slams trump for going into gop field at request of bill clinton as gop candidates debate.
2	gov. obiano revealed on friday that the move to relocate boko haram prisoners to anambra was concluded under gej!
2	chuck norris is on the 11th prestigue on modern warfare 2 ... it took one game to get there.
2	nbc news survey, donald trump 1st place 23% saying they would vote for him. ben carson a surprise 3rd place with carly fiorina tied for 4th.
2	rest in peace, frank gifford. monday night football was my weekly habit with howard and dandy don meredith.
2	here is the latest v2brainbuster - - read the views of the current staff on hulk hogan amongst other topics
2	lgbtnews i am cait: sharing my story with caitlyn jenner - last night on i am cait, you may have noticed a few hr...
2	john kasich cartoon needed different caption: sun news letter to the editor shaker
2	ghostlyfoxgirl pixels was sort of strange, inside out was amazing, and i may be seeing paper towns today, so i'll let you know how it is!
2	frank gifford, a golden boy who helped usher the nfl into its golden age, died sunday, exactly a week shy of his...
2	5-at-10: weekend winners and losers, meet the tide and tigers, and frank gifford's rushmore.
2	al michaels memorialized frank gifford at the hall of fame game on sunday
2	caitlyn jenner wears a swimming suit for the 1st time in public, but refuses a kim kardashian-type suit. more photos:
2	[john kasich's] tone of surrender may not have fazed the biased buckeye audience, but it certainly bothered the gop base. ~tperkins
2	hoda kotb tears up about frank gifford on 'today': hoda kotb opened monday's 10 a.m. hour of the "to... business
2	kathielgifford my heart is broken for your loss of your husband frank gifford may he rest in peace god bless you and your family.
2	before the legendary frank gifford was a part of monday night football's all-time team, he belonged to new york...
2	i don't ever have any normal experiences with famous people...check back on friday as i take on sam smith's dressing rooms
2	floyd mayweather thinks that muhammad ali is only the 5th greatest boxer ever. what do yall think?
2	arielhelwani let rousey and tate fight and have cyborg on the same card at 135. if rousey and cyborg both win then have the fight in april
2	cyborg saw rousey's numbers and how she was trending and all of a sudden she can make 135lbs by december lmao
2	head coach of the super eagles, sunday oliseh, has hailed odion ighalo after his goal against evert... badotweet
2	my mom still isnt sure if she can go to sam smith with me or not tomorrow, she needs to let me know so i can find someone else to go with
2	so a quick trailer.. going to finally upload my "bridal inspired look"on youtube tomorrow (i wore this on eid) share
2	frank gifford was 'monday night' magic behind the mic, always
2	new music monday on today's show features blake shelton "gonna", tim mcgraw "top of the world" and jason aldean...
2	if you tuned into caitlyn jenner's reality series "i am cait" on e! last night, you may have see one of our...
2	new project at straw hat pizza 1653 industrial pkwy. hayward just in time for the floyd mayweather vs andre berto fight september 12
2	gov. john kasich may seem moderate, but take a closer look at what he's done so far.
2	maxwxllvxctory billboard not the 1st time... thr are 2billion kpop fans worldwide, queens may be small, kpop isn't
2	check out paul mccartney talking about the 3rd unreleased beatles reunion song "now and then" that remains...
2	just tested my moto g (2nd gen) for the 'stagefright' exploit and it is vulnerable, so i changed to a patched sms app, and set as default.
2	floyd mayweather ranked his top five boxers. where he puts muhammad ali may shock you:
2	friendly: super eagles to play lowly rated niger on september 8: all things being equal, the senior men nation...
2	who would you put balor against in his first wwe match? seth rollins makes an nxt challenge, balor entrance.
2	i so miss the colliding helmets abc monday night football use to do. plus the storytelling element that frank gifford and bob costas did
2	while msnbc host chris matthews may be over the moon about john kasich, seeing him as the most "moderate" and...
2	set her invictafights bout in december at 135 to prove she can make it....then no excuses not to make rousey fight.
2	thebackpage what impact did fmr nfl hof frank gifford have in terms of sports broadcasting being in the booth of "monday night f'ball"?
2	i just got to come to terms and accept it's not july 41 and frank ocean will never drop his album like he said he was
2	im a cubs fan, if i find out tomorrow kris bryant worshipped the cardinals, i wouldnt care one bit....strange phenomenon
2	i still have the jason aldean ticket for sale! 1 lawn ticket at riverbend on august 23rd! i will take the highest offer! dm if interested!
2	brftm sports news cris cyborg's nutritionist says fight with rousey at 135 lbs possible for dec. 5
2	still in shock and saddened to hear of frank gifford's passing. may one of the great giants rip.
2	i'm sure i'm not the 1st to mention frank gifford's contribution to literature: the catalyst in exley's "a fan's notes."
2	seth rollins to start the show for the 2nd straight week! raw
2	raw seth rollins, i love to hate him. best heel "weasle" in the game in god knows how many years. monday night rollins!
2	rawcl monday night run with seth rollins
2	is seth rollins the most talked about wwe champion of all time of being clowned every monday nite??i mean everybody takes turns on him
2	if sheamus has a concussion then randy orton may be placed in the cesaro/owens feud. raw
2	p matt boyd (acquired in david price trade) seeks to beat the royals for 2nd time in 6 days at 8 pm et on...
2	reverseleo seth rollins had a title match with john cena seth broke his nose and now people want title shots cause cena may not make it
2	one week in cincinnati: on tuesday, july 21st, the day ohio governor john kasich announced his bid for the whi...
2	randyorton maybe come 13th wwe wh champion if he beats seth rollins for wwe wh championship tonight's main event raw
2	payback is a bitch seth rollins you've may have uh band the rko at wrestlemania their is a rko with your name on it
2	dean ambrose vs luke harper.........again.......for the......20th........time raw wweraw
2	dean ambrose with roman reigns vs luke harper with bray wyatt now on wwe monday night raw 8/10/2015
2	rousey fight on the same card?!?
2	dannyodwyer mcgregor vs aldo coming dec.12. so, we going halvsies on ppv? ha. they need to hurry up and throw rousey vs. cyborg on there.
2	who's tryin to let me stay with them tonight i'll take u to dunkin tomorrow
2	randy orton vs seth rollins for the wwe world heavy weight championship now on wwe monday night raw 8/10/2015
2	iam_erica where's the "moto g (3rd gen): initial review &amp; soup test" video?!
2	johncena the whole world will be watching tomorrow. and you have a decision to make. will you accept seth rollins title for title match?
2	what if caitlyn jenner is building up the greatest april fools prank of all time...? stilladude ?
2	is caitlyn jenner finally ready to put on a bathing suit?! in this sunday's i am cait, the 65-year-old faces her fears about wearing a
2	wwe raw results from seattle, washington (august 10) -wwe world heavyweight champion, seth rollins opens the...
2	mets: david wright 1-for-3 with walk and run scored as dh for class a st. lucie monday in 1st game of rehab
2	new york mets 3b david wright went 1-for-3 with a single and a walk for high-a st. lucie on monday
2	coach quesada at 1st getting a little air time on mlb network with some guy named david wright....! flcbaseball
2	i may be sleep deprived but i promise you that some kid at dunkin today looked like a sprout
2	raw looks like rollins got himself a date w/ the present. randy orton def cesaro, owens, to advance to challenge for his 13th title!
2	wife is trying to sell her sam smith tickets for the show in san diego tomorrow. $180 for two reddit oc
2	mets 3b david wright went 1 for 3 with a walk in his first rehab start since going on the dl in april with a...
2	rousey still going to ko her in the 2nd round
2	omg i bought sam smith tickets way back in feb and forgot all about it until my friend texted me that it's tomorrow
2	while it may not surprise anyone that floyd mayweather considers himself to be the greatest boxer of all time, it...
2	i hope my dean ambrose stuff comes today if not it's supposed to come tomorrow
2	chicago sun times - kris bryant and jessica delp spend day off at shedd aquarium
2	my cousins going to see sam smith tomorrow :( i'm jealous
2	white: ufc not going to dallas in december, rousey's next fight in vegas via bloodyelbow
2	those of you that diss all anime for how naruto fans were like in the 7th grade, you might want to reevaluate the whovian fandom just sayin.
2	david wright looks good in first rehab start: photo david wright during the first inning monday. he had comple...
2	a look at the intense rivalry between the undertaker and brock lesnar: raw, | via wwe
2	somebody tell david price, it's nearly friday, the redarmys ready to march on villa awaydaysonly mufc
2	star sightings august 2015: grammy winner sam smith got a kick out of posing with his wax figure at madame tussauds on august 10 in s...
2	toby or floyd mayweather, the world may never know
2	sam smith you have high expectation tomorrow . i just left futurehive
2	please join prince george's county animal shelter for the cleartheshelters event this saturday!!
2	dont worry congress will go on dharna tomorrow because they were talking about justice in yakub case too.
2	frank gifford convinced howard cosell to announce the murder of john lennon during monday night football.
2	cm punk speaks with rolling stone on his outlook, monday nitro volume 3 on dvd and blu-ray, and...
2	rolemodeljinnah he might have emerged as da sole spokesperson of muslims later in his life but early on he wanted 2 be 3rd class magistrate
2	jason aldean isn't going to play texas was you thursday night and i can honestly say i'm upset about it
2	bigfinish iron maiden's new cd features a song about the r101 crash. no word yet if charley or the 8th doctor is mentioned. stormwarning
2	muwen360 motorola i wanted to buy the moto g 3rd gen but i've changed mind and now i'm waitin' for a invite for the oneplus ^^
2	thasj101 wrestling guru gregnecroblack tells us why rousey may not be the best ufc fighter ever sportstalkrt
2	dodgers will not make the postseason. their bullpen is a bigger liability than hulk hogan in a million man march event.
2	14-aug the day of independence, the day of sacrifices of muslims, the victory of pakistan, i proud to be a...
2	weeicemon kesslertheater corbydavidson corby may not acknowledge this because he hasn't been told by rolling stone that it's cool.
2	david wright is 2nd all-time in war for the mets and 1 among batters. can he return to form?
2	floyd mayweather ranks ali as just the 5th best fighter of all time. of course, he ranks himself as no. 1. delusional
2	floyd mayweather has ali as only the 5th greatest of all time lmao what a joke
2	thenff reveals super eagles will take on the mena of niger in an international friendly match in ph on tuesday september 8th.
2	dont know what tshirt i should wear to the hwoodending manchester show tomorrow: nirvana, my chemical romance or the used toughdecisions
2	dustin johnson won't be able to ground his club in the same bunker on the 18th hole, even if he wanted to. read:
2	july 42, frank ocean album still hasn't dropped the album
2	wish it was live so we could watch feeds like we do with big brother!!
2	i hope it's not like this tomorrow cause i'm not going to stand in line for sam smith lol
2	remember when pain was a just shadowy figure? we all speculated he was naruto's dad. boom, we see the true 4th hokage during their fight.
2	fights in the jets locker room sound way more exciting than a floyd mayweather fight, i may have paid $ for that jets mayweather nfl
2	thoughts on the seth rollins vs orton title match &amp; them really peaking at wrestlemania... raw
2	soooo my friend, mari, is selling two sam smith concert tickets for $275 to his concert in the maverick center in salt lake on october 2nd.
2	brewers rf ryan braun gets a day off tuesday vs. cubs ryanbraun fantasybaseball
2	the rollins vs randy orton match not being overly impressive as it was and them peaking at the wrestlemania rko raw
2	and then the hilarious sheamus cash-in scenario, which must have been a botch on randy orton's part... raw
2	meal plans begin on saturday, august 15th! hit up wag, subway, dunkin' or one of the pods to refuel during move-in!
2	himawari not even old enough for the academy took out naruto with a finger who took on kaguya (a god) &amp; sarada is on par w/ 4th war sakura
2	floyd mayweather got ali as the 4th best fighter of all time on his list ..... lmfao dude is a fuckin joke .
2	a seal may not have been achieved on the proposed international friendly between the super eagles and mena of niger republic.
2	ice cube's character (played by his son) is wearing a 15,000 jerry curl wig in the movie which premiers this fri....
2	who wants to be a total babe and get donuts with me every friday morning from dunkin?
2	issra_ 7abebti, alf alf mabrook! i heard from latifa that you got engaged to eid. mashallah, may god bless you both. allah ye7meekom. mwah!
2	are you ready to go back to school? our next beer u is august 18 at 7pm. $25 feat sam smith beer! for resos email jenny.pricemcnellies.com.
2	all i wanna do is see jason aldean on the 23rd w/ linny_nicole jillianepperson and brookisback someone force jill to go
2	on this day in august 11, 2014~ raw: seth rollins vs. rob van dam
2	da_raomi shamrockhusky shadowclaw78 abraxisdragon i may be showing the original sharknado if you guys haven't seen it yet.
2	erickjpressman a thing on rolling stone today. as for your 2nd question, some really want you know they're not the "ignorant" stereotype.
2	ice cube has never given up. you may encounter some mental midgets who badmouth the oakland raider. they are...
2	glovesaveluongo did they have brock lesnar shirts at the live show on sunday?
2	ohhhh i just realized with the maintenance on supercard tonight it may be how they remove hulk hogan from the game.
2	f. gary gray was asked to direct "friday" by ice cube after he directed his classic video "today was a good day"
2	1wrestlingnews way did sheamus in monday night raw wanted to cash in the money in the bank after he did a big boot to seth rollins ?
2	ice cube told us what he wants you to get from straightouttacompton in theaters august 14th.
2	by now,this should not be a shock to anyone:floyd mayweather still believes that he's the greatest boxer of all time
2	heymanhustle,when brock lesnar &amp; the undertaker appear on raw next monday,there may b a brawl between them anew. rn't u worried about it?
2	youtube after battling dean ambrose, the undertaker feels the brutal wrath of the shield: smackdown, april 2
2	david wright strikes out in his 1st ab tonight for st. lucie.
2	selfishly need a good hutch outing. anything less may mess with rotation &amp; the perfectly planned-out david price start in la next friday.
2	anyone want a jason aldean ticket for this thursday at darien lake? message me
2	dixieyouthworldseries: virginia (prince george) training south carolina 5-0 top of the 3rd.
2	david wright's night is done. played 3rd base for 6 innings, fielded 3 balls and went 1-for-3 with a strikeout. slowly but surely... mets
2	david wright played 6 innings at 3rd base in port st. lucie tonight and went 1-3. mets
2	rousey was right. you know you'll get beat, you just want the $
2	three mornings with kdubblive starting tomorrow -- talk of face punching, olympics, nfl, rousey, and more! 5-9 am, espnlosangeles! bk
2	some band nearby playing u2's sunday bloody sunday. that's better than the terrible music my neighbors usually play
2	gov. john kasich entered the race few wks ago - in 1st debate &amp; moving up in polls. honest speaker - 1 issue - his immigration policy -
2	c'mon, let's make heart's "magic man" kris bryant's new walkup music
2	i wonder what celebrity i'd get for motivation... you may hug a shirtless david wright if you do this ewl extremeweightloss
2	for anyone going to sam smith tomorrow he rescheduled to september 30th
2	we bought our tickets to sam smith in april and they reschedule it for september 30th the night before bye
2	planning on going to wednesday's sam smith concert in glendale? well you'll have to wait a little longer. show has been postponed to 9/30.
2	frank gifford: the glory game: how the 1958 nfl championship changed football forever by frank gifford (18-nov-2008)
2	not so fast! taylor swift may check all of calvin harris's boxes, but the "bad blood" singer ... hollywooddivas
2	shout out to those people who are at the sam smith concert rn and have to wake up early tomorrow
2	i'm still waiting every single day for that new frank ocean record like its been july 31st 11:55pm for me for 12 days.
2	big brother fans bb17 thursday's show will be preempt due to football, not everywhere, if you can watch it live, i can and i'll show you
2	so it's mid august and still no sign of frank ocean's album
2	wwf challenge march 22nd 1987 - snake pit with hulk hogan andre 87 belt via youtube
2	brrr sure is a windy wednesday tonight, get out of the cold and tune into 2nurfm's left of centre. we have u2,...
2	john kasich locked up an influential endorsement tuesday night in new hampshire on the heels of a new poll...
2	~championship. seth rollins can run his mouth about me all he wants, but when august 23rd comes, the time for talk is over!
2	the hokage sat at his desk, it was getting dark and he was getting ready to go home. another quiet day at the office. naruto had been in -
2	caitlyn jenner and jazz jennings are on the agenda for tomorrow's osamp live, 4pm via google- join us!
2	who will we be seeing on friday at the wynnstaygroup sheepandbeef event? see us for live eid demos with new app
2	blossom is currently chilling as the 5th best selling vinyl on amazon, behind iron maiden, pink floyd, gilmour and presley. madness.
2	anyone going to zac brown band concert this saturday?
2	get the launch schedules for celebrity big brother: cbb
2	per fangraphs base running runs, kris bryant has been the 2nd most valuable baserunner in mlb. billy hamilton has been twice as valuable.
2	currently august 12th and i'm still waiting for the frank ocean album
2	pitdogk13 what's up with saturday i know watching hulk hogan's cartoons from the 80s rotflmao
2	if you aren't going to jason aldean tomorrow what are you even doing with your life?
2	lynchonsports i know, james. it's just the effusive "best brand/gear" language may not set well with big brother.
2	zeenews ncp may care muslims, bjp care high caste hindus," maha gathbhandhan "care for low caste hindus!bihar is safe in the hands of these
2	finkn23 he is an advanced college guy but even kris bryant didn't see the bigs til his 3rd pro season. zimmer is great but no bryant.
2	lame. i thought they were going to put them on a card with rousey and house it at att stadium.
2	i think i just won tickets to see jason aldean on saturday at metlife stadium???????
2	ice cube told me to throw my neighbourhood in the air, if i don't care. i am not so sure how to do dat. friday icecube
2	wake up with sweet pete tomorrow from 8am to 10am at the dunkin' donuts on carmichael street in essex junction...
2	first tweet from moto g 3rd gen. really wish it had a fhd display.
2	can someone please drive me and ekells420 to and from darien lake tomorrow for jason aldean we will pay you!!
2	boko haram may well be on the run. yet idriss deby's claim that shekau has been replaced by mahamet daoud is subjec to confirmation.
2	rebsallin vegasrebs i think you may be underestimating the difference in boxing and mma. rousey has all the advantage.
2	do i go hang out with my boy seth rollins by myself on saturday because there is one (1) ticket for 25$ left????
2	cnn/orc poll: donald trump takes the top slot in iowa, scott walker falls to 3rd. ben carson in 2nd
2	i am looking at restoring the prophetic ministry. it may look like a sharknado at full throttle. jewishtweets tbn
2	i need some people to go to jason aldean with next friday!
2	kasich wants immigration crackdown, but leaves door open on pathway: ohio gov. john kasich said wednesday he w...
2	draftkings ringside for mayweather fight so i could heckle that rousey would have had the fight finished in the 1st round dkmillionaire
2	frank gifford discusses how "monday night football" changed with al mich... via youtube
2	venicemase stanely is ice cube's neighbor in the movie friday. he is the guy who says, "will you please stay off my frigging grass, please"
2	i think meg may very well be one of the most clueless hgs ever on big brother. she's giving devin a run for his money in cluelessness. bb17
2	_rachelmchale tell me your going to see paper towns on monday
2	on this date,12 august 1989,ace super eagles midfielder,samuel okwaraji collapsed and died on the pitch of the national stadium,lagos.
2	ryan braun hits his 250th career home run in the top of the 1st inning. brewers get 1. cubs coming to bat versus matt garza.
2	kris bryant sneaks one just above ryan braun's glove into the right field basket. 16th of the year. 1-1 i the 2nd. cubs
2	kris bryant takes garza way out and cubs fans are on their feet. 1-1, bottom of the 2nd. milvschc brewers
2	kboom kris bryant ties the game 1-1 on a opposite field homer his 17th
2	kris bryant with a solo shot to rf in the bottom of the 2nd the cubs &amp; brewers are now tied 1
2	big brother will be on cbs' sister stations tomorrow because of football. i'll make a list of all the changes. bb17
2	sonic_hedgehog paul mccartney may have sung about jet, but my vote's for tails.
2	okay, imagine dustin johnson's choke on the 18th green at chambers bay. now move his ball from 12 feet to two...
2	:seth rollins meet and greet ticket for sale august 22nd 3pm barclays center.... i can't go and will let the ticket go for retail $154.00
2	mina_ysf may allah protect all muslims ummah from the oppressors
2	ryan braun singles to lead off the 9th. rallytime brewers
2	did i mention i am going to the blue jays game on friday? i am going to the blue jays game on friday. david price is pitching.
2	hulk hogan 1:6th scale figure is up for pre order check it out wwe hulkhogan -
2	i have 3 tickets to jason aldean tomorrow ... 1 in the 100 section and 2 in the 200 section lemme know if you're interested
2	rolling stone out of zone so you can't monitor my sat phone
2	kiansdandelion_ yes, it may seem difficult to believe. kpop fans are literally everywhere though....
2	hamilton scratched vs. twins with sore knee: the rangers have scratched josh hamilton from wednesday's ... : mlb
2	i think bo's afraid scott walker might cut into bo's pension plan to pay for more luxury boxes for the bucks.
2	nothing much going to happen in naruto tomorrow but it's going to be the intro to more serious shit! marada about to go crazy!
2	it's now july 50. refusing to acknowledge august until frank ocean releases that album.
2	directionersfuneral watch this kpop fans bc this is first and last time when you see yourself on 1st place in trend,you should thanks us
2	scott walker on the bucks. "it's cheaper to keep them." he repeated that inspiring line of reasoning wednesday. best passive/aggressive ever
2	calum tweeted the lyrics back in march and now we're just finding out... he once tweeted nirvana lyrics can we expect an in bloom cover pls
2	getting you into that thursday/almost friday mood......np: strawberry swing - frank ocean strictlysoul with sholathompson
2	honestfandom i dont understand this hate thing cos in the 1st place kpop is different from 1d tbh way different lol
2	the president of chad, idriss deby, said on tuesday that the boko haram sect was no longer led by abubakar...
2	o2, hi there, how do i get o2 lounge tickets. for the u2 concert on thursday 29th october at london o2
2	alinagjenkins if you were on bbcradiosolent i would have suggested a song... it's raining today by scott walker. maybe saturday?
2	iron maiden new single. will you tune in? ironmaiden speedoflight
2	thursday's just aren't the same without naruto
2	scott walker slips from 1st in ia polls w/ the caveat these polls reflect broader grp of gop voters than caucus-goers
2	i can't wait until the yankees sweep the blue jays and score 8 runs off of david price tomorrow and tulo goes 0-3
2	interesting. but the amount of muslims that condemn isis is much more significant
2	cfelan hey hey, just checkng to see if you or kokorissa had any interest in sam smith tickets for cheap. show is saturday erwin center
2	dustin johnson, so often the nearly man at the majors, eagles the par-5 16th to share the early pga championship lead at four under.
2	freeamerican100 redstatejake mg2cansand humbleman9 be overflowing with conservative an christians its one saturday
2	i may be miss pennsylvania but she's miss usa on yeet
2	wwe summerslam vip meet and greet ticket with randy orton: $175.00 (0 bids)end date: tuesday aug-... wwetickets
2	dustin johnson joins the leaders at -5 with a birdie on 1 (10th hole). in other news, tiger woods made the turn at +1 pgachamp
2	president muhammadu buhari on thursday charged the new heads of the nigerian military to defeat the boko haram...
2	opine-with clintons missing e's ever wonder if huma her lover who has ties wunited brotherhood of muslims she may sent classified one's2them
2	"...so if you wanna love me then darlin' don' refrain, or i'll just end up walking in the cold november rain..." ay eso es nirvana :b tanmk
2	man if this guy could just do this on a sunday. dustin johnson can just obliterate a golf course when he's on. better make it 8000 yards.
2	dustin johnson goes -6 and in the lead - did anyone take bryan's advice and take the 25s on 1st round leader for the pga? getting excited?
2	is dustin johnson the best 1st round player of all time? ksalvo21
2	dustin johnson moves to 6-under through 11. clearly the strategy is to get so far ahead that penalty strokes on sunday won't matter.
2	wyshynski c'mon, the randy orton one is like meme voltron.
2	think dustin johnson needs to take some advice of zach this weekend, maybe some divine intervention is what he needs on a sunday uspga
2	dustin johnson might want to hold something back on thu and fri?
2	it's thursday so a new naruto comes on today!...but it's only a filler
2	dustin johnson at the top of the leaderboard ! dammit i guess that means it's only thursday !!!! nottheweekend pga
2	dustin johnson setting the pace again. hope he waits until at least sunday before imploding.
2	ice cube and kevin hart are back in the first trailer for ride along 2, due jan 22nd
2	dustin johnson leading the pgachampionship ...until the 3rd round of course when he naturally falls apart.
2	dustin johnson leading the pgachampionship. what a shock. call me when he's still there after sunday. needs to finish off a major for once.
2	jasonrmcintyre and the under on dustin johnson's 1st 2 rounds... and over on last 2
2	dustin johnson is one of the best 54 hole players on tour. problem is, he's the worst sunday player on tour.
2	things you can always count on on thursday of a major: dustin johnson leading; tiger woods over par.
2	pile_of_derp let me know if dustin johnson is still leading on the back nine on sunday.
2	dustin johnson lines up a putt on the 18th green pgachampionship gettysport
2	after stephen wright tosses a no hitter into the 6th resulting in a 4-0 win vs david price. should i sell for degrom?
2	chelsea manning may face solitary confinement after caught with the caitlyn jenner vanity fair
2	so ice cube can give us ride along 2 but he can't give us another friday movie with chris tucker.
2	once again, dustin johnson (-6) is a leader in the clubhouse after his 1st rd of a major. whistling straits was made for his game pgachamp
2	he's a very fast starter in the first round in majors, but will dustin johnson strike it third time lucky come sunday? majors golfchat
2	david price will take the mound friday vs. yankees looking to pitch bluejays to franchise-record 12th-straight win. narrative mlb
2	a rabbi leads the way in uniting jews, christians - world - cbn news - christian news 24-7 -
2	grubersmullet tulo and ee back in lineup tomorrow w david price on the bump
2	11 in a row and david price going tomorrow night? letsgo
2	ryan braun reaches on a infield single, jean segura scores the cubs &amp; brewers are tied 1 in the top of the 3rd
2	i swear dustin johnson has led just about every major after 1st 2 days. then goes on to tank it. pgachampionship
2	dustin johnson leads pga right now. remember: it was a grounded iron on the last hole on sunday that cost him last time whistlingstraits
2	dustin johnson is leading the pga but don't worry. saturday is only 2 days away
2	sweden's david lingmerth is the big mover of the late starters at the uspga. can he beat dustin johnson's -6?
2	iron maiden: 'speed of light' single to debut tomorrow: "speed of light", the new single from briti... metalnews
2	freaked out this morning cause i thought it was friday. eomma asked me if i missed something. naruto, mum. i thought i missed this weeks ep.
2	times may turn over, but a male is still a male lmao hey naruto said it not me
2	juliechen why don't you do a 1st interview with caitlyn jenner that would give you that feeling that you want to do journalist work
2	can you bet on dustin johnson to be top five all week until sunday when he comes 6th and below? i'd take that...
2	steve stricker just finished his 1st round. on fox6now 5 i'll have an update and dustin johnson on leading.
2	wisconsin gov. scott walker on wednesday compared the nuclear inspection proposals in the iran deal to bad...
2	dustin johnson (pga) 1st player in modern era to shoot 66 or better in opening round of the 3 majors in a single season.
2	dustin johnson absolute smashes it thursday / friday.then friday night comes around and gets he goes and gets whacked and ruins his weekend!
2	and that folks, is what sunday church meetings of christians are all about, weekly repair / maintenance and...
2	"straight outta compton" comes out friday -- but ice cube plays the critic this time around for athlete rappers....
2	286mhofer funny thing, i think david price is going to get bombed tomorrow.you'll win the next 2 though
2	scott walker says he unsealed his records from college: false via politifactwisc
2	shannatwain i'm watching the first half until big brother. it's like the 8th string players at this point.
2	anyone want a ticket for zac brown band for saturday at citizens bank....i am selling one for $40
2	ice cube playing.. i just want another friday. that's it.
2	katie said she was gonna go see nwa tomorrow. i said name 2 members. she said ice cube and biggie. smdh.
2	well coming up next it's are main event neville an cesoro vs kevin owens an seth rollins next on thursday night smackdown
2	rondarousey will make floyd mayweather her bitch. i'll give her 35 seconds 1st round ;)
2	the_gentle_one_ teuchi prepared two bowls for them and sat them on the table in front of them, naruto picked up the chopsticks and have--
2	patridgej yes! they arent out yet it's presale rn. i looked him up and he isn't coming anytime soon but zac brown band is coming in oct.
2	leggo guys! dragmedownday enough with that kpop thingy. it's time to get serious. mtvhottest one direction
2	guys just an apology in advance for all the snaps imma put of sam smith tomorrow :-)))
2	sam smith is tomorrow and i can't even with myself
2	'boruto: naruto the movie' 8th, 10th trailers reveal sasuke having nostalgia ... - movie news guide
2	brb while i delete 75% of my camera roll off my phone to make room for sam smith tomorrow.
2	just sat in bed and watched a lot of christians vines and even tho i've seen them ali still laughed every time
2	the guy at dunkin was deff judging me for getting a hot chocolate in august..
2	in wisconsin, gov. scott walker (r) may not have $250 million for education ... ... but he does have $250 million...
2	cnn: fiorina on vaccinations: 'when in doubt, it is always the parents' choice': carly fiorina on thursday pre...
2	why troy tulowitzki and david price may not be the blue jays' biggest assets - the guardian (blog)
2	american dustin johnson leads the pga championship after the 1st round at whistling straits on 6 under par.
2	nw pgachamp wrap, it'll be golf's best feel-good story if dustin johnson earns redemption &amp; wins 1st major after all his past heartbreak
2	flipkartsupport not able to find out moto g 3rd gen 16 gb over website ? is it out of stock or what ? hope to hear back soon.
2	theodoregrammar that's a legit point man. i have to agree. rousey would take that, but i think browne would be the first to escape 1st rd.
2	sorry internet, i may not be as available as usual today on account of there's a new iron maiden song out so you're on your own for a bit.
2	how many days does it take for frank ocean to drop his album? the world may never know...
2	how will adding tijani babaginda to the backroom squad improve sunday oliseh's super eagles -
2	iron maiden released their new single today. guildwars2, whatcha got for us tonight? can you beat the irons for friday hype!?
2	in straightouttacompton ice cube was writing the scripts for "boyz in the hood" and "friday"
2	will ujah21 be a super eagles regular with his move to weder bremen? read it on goalcomnigeria
2	dustin johnson leads the pgachampionship at golfkohler entering 2nd round play. can he lead wire-to-wire? 2nd round tee times in one hour
2	dustin johnson wants the chance to "get it done" on sunday at the uspga championship [getty]
2	prince george "harassed by paparazzi," palace says: prince george is no ordinary 2-year-old boy. be that as it may, prince william ...
2	standardnews ok that's going to damn far. leave prince george alone and we may still get a pic here or there.keep it up and we get nothing
2	you sure it's not an ice cube, dr dre, and eazy-e kinda day?
2	interesting! a state in nigeria may use prayer warriors to fight boko haram. does it mean that christians...
2	are we just going to ignore the fact that ice cube got his ass whoop by ricky smiley at the beginning of friday after next???
2	y'all know ice cube gone make a movie called friday? straightouttacompton
2	conclusion: afme has rolled for 14 aug 15; the leadership change in boko haram may "bring them to the table" by some accounts. -jt
2	rolling stone crowns bob dylan the best songwriter of all time, paul mccartney second, john lennon 3rd davidlinton
2	you may have the key to your girlfriend's heart, but chuck norris has the key to her back door.
2	it's friday, so you deserve this picture of ice cube on space mountain at disneyland.
2	a future big brother might be able to see you in the dark ..
2	so when i'm in your neighborhood, you better duck. cause ice cube is crazy as a family sitcom. straightouttacompton
2	dustin johnson's career, with bunch of near misses at majors, reminds me of 1st half of phil's career. dj will break thru, just as phil did.
2	lingmerth double bogys the 7th falls back to a tie with dustin johnson at -6 pgachampionship
2	exception dustin johnson at the british open justinraygc: 36-hole position of last 8 major winners 1st 1st 1st 1st 1st 1st t1 t4 pgachamp"
2	im_changkyuns wealltried aye are you going to kpop star tomorrow?
2	hannahkcweller childrenprivacy the headlines around the paps &amp; prince george today may give you a big allie hannah..time to recruit maybe?
2	dustin johnson has had the lead in the 1st round in the last 3 majors. he continues to be the pick as the best player who hasn't won a major
2	david lingmerth (12/1) &amp; scott piercy (33/1) are now tied for 1st with dustin johnson on 6 under. in-play &gt; uspga
2	if u2 plays in the lehigh valley on saturday, and the union plays in chester on sunday, how many people make both trips? show of hands:
2	this friday evening is brought to you by the strains of eric clapton. well played, ipod. sucking up to me after playing u2 yesterday
2	whhhyyyyy you guys no remind me sam smith was tomorrow!? 941ktfmsa rachelblondie producerrossi
2	i have 2 zac brown band tix for their concert tomorrow citizens bank $120 for both tickets!! lmk if you're interested
2	who wants to bet dustin johnson is leading going into saturday then blows it on the back 9 on saturday?
2	the undertaker and brock lesnar will be in the same arena at the same time this monday on raw! summerslam
2	fiorina bets clinton server wiped clean - gop presidential candidate carly fiorina said on friday that she bets de...
2	iron maiden have premiered the video for "speed of light," the first single from their upcoming 16th studio...
2	2nd take away. if ice cube doesn't get a check on the 1st and 15th stuff is gunna get real.
2	there is now a dunkin' donuts at lax. i may never make a flight on-time again...
2	palace warns of 'commoners dangerously close to prince george. may discover he's just human
2	n.w.a: inside the original gangstas' rolling stone cover story rollingstone comments may be better than the article
2	selling 2 lawn tickets to jason aldean for next saturday. let me know if you are interested
2	will this be the major that dustin johnson finally grabs? via golf_com
2	one more david wright stat: david wright has the 14th most plate appearances all time to not have a sacrifice bunt.
2	.dlingmerth (-7) and jordanspieth (-6) are 36-hole leaders in clubhouse. dustin johnson (-6) just starting 2nd rd. wsaw thisismajor
2	friday bonus match the 2 songs for one time +400 bonus (awarded within 30 days): - bad blood by taylor swift - feeling myself by nicki minaj
2	he also told a story about a girl named tamisha beat him up in 6th grade. he said she was like the brock lesnar of middle school girls
2	john kasich - the most pc, and least 1st amendment friendly, of the 17 gop candidates. my article in the federalist.
2	syrian bishop: "if the war continues, as seems likely...all the christians will leave syria."
2	remember when i sat and ate pizza and just like listened to sam smith live in the distance casual
2	who could it be? gov. john kasich getting major endorsement monday at alabama sports hall of fame in birmingham...home of sugar bowl losers.
2	saturday deep stack will be back at the prince george from tomorrow.
2	dustin johnson drains a long putt to take the lead. eh, let me know when he does that late on a sunday in a major. pgachampionship
2	and whaddya know?! dustin johnson (-8) birdies the 10th and has the outright lead at the pga championship.
2	dustin johnson leading in the 2nd round pretty much guarantees jordan spieth will win the pga
2	"what a weird day pgachampionship. 1st-round leader dustin johnson is 1 under thru 11 and falling down the board." cameronmorfit golf_com
2	rangers: of josh hamilton back in lineup friday vs. rays after missing 2 games with sore left knee (espn)
2	it's august 14th. david price, who takes the mound tonight, wears no. 14. also, bluejays are looking to go 14-0 with tulo in the lineup.
2	ice cube writing the script for friday in straight outta compton which which are both directed by f. gary gray.
2	baseball_ref you may wanna update the hat on david price
2	trump on carly fiorina attacking him: "i can't say anything 'cause she's a woman." (yes, this is now how i'm spending my friday night.)
2	david price gets out of a jam again in the 2nd inning
2	i remember standing on suncorp 15 mins b4 1st lions test &amp; seanny202 saying, "this is rugby nirvana".today match it mate? marlinswallabies
2	scene in straight outta compton of ice cube writing the script for friday hilariously exemplifies how scattered the film's second half is.
2	jacob i'm going to see sam smith tomorrow, wanna come with?
2	may this independence day win us from yakub mercy petitioners and media terrorist.
2	david price's night may have just ended with his 6th strikeout of the game.
2	criscyborg i cant see rousey fighting you jan 2 because she's filming a movie after &amp; u would destroy her face. you deserve the big payday
2	tigers jump out to a 1-0 lead in houston. victor martinez rbi single in the 4th. meanwhile, david price is shutting out the yankees thru 7
2	david price should not have been pitching in the 8th. they can't get a 6-outs from the bullpen? yankees - jays
2	chase headley's rbi double in the 8th inning off david price snapped a yankees streak of 33 consecutive scoreless innings against blue jays
2	hindsight says gibby shouldve never let david price see the 8th, but you gotta see what you got,, bluejays
2	people are blaming john gibbons for letting david price go out for the 8th inning?????
2	ultimate teammate: david price,who left the game in the 8th inning, remains on the bluejays bench, still cheering and encouraging teammates
2	"david price, the anti-kessel. my column:" -steve simmons
2	david price lost a late lead against the yankees in friday's 4-3 defeat, allowing three runs on 11 hits over 7 1/3 innings.
2	your right david price win tomorrow, i hope we win. i just prayed my rosary. soo i still believe in you jays. go jay
2	this is when josh hamilton tackles something from the order diptera in the backfield, right?
2	david price felt good even into 8th inning. then it snowballed. "that's baseball, that's part of it and if you don't like it, pitch better."
2	who has a car and is going to zac brown band on sunday????
2	3xt1 navidfa statedeptspook un motheragnesmari mit she may get some air time and help for christians in syria but that's mostly it.
2	can it be the 24th already ? i really want my naruto case already
2	lol u can't expect people to know everything. i could ask you who the lead singer of nirvana is &amp; u may not know
2	toronto blue jays took a 3-0 lead into the 8th inning but david price gave up 3 runs and aaron sanchez couldn't...
2	sam smith is going to be in austin tomorrow and i'm going to be in san marcos! why?!? i wanted to see him so bad!! :'(
2	motorolaindia when will be the moto g 3rd gen 16 gb become available for purchase on flipkart flipkartsupport
2	highkey ima cry on monday and just sing loud af to sam smith.
2	as the september 5 africa cup of nations (afcon) qualifier against tanzania draws nearer, former super eagles...
2	news alarm: josh hamilton (lf - tex) josh hamilton went 1-for-3 with a solo home run and two total rbi during fri...
2	totalshowoff i'm afraid you may be right, abid! i've heard that wwe management may have a match between seth rollins vs triple h at wm32?
2	mewingwang are you going to meet dean ambrose at iplay america on september 5th
2	mar'shayla didn't know any of the sam smith songs
2	don't boast that you support lgbt rights than bemoan that christians may have to obey public accommodation laws.
2	if naruto will be the 6th, and sasuke is his rival then sasuke is at the kage rank as well.
2	wolfman42069 joshsamman just think there may be more interesting match-ups for rousey (spoiler: she still wins) than another rematch.
2	hate ice cube for are we there yet all you want. but he gave us it was a good day, and all the friday movies.
2	today in beatles history (july 26, 1968): paul mccartney plays "hey jude" to john lennon for the very first time.
2	my new sounds: i'm not the only one - sam smith feat. joe budden, mr. probz and harry may (mashup) on soundcloud
2	i wonder how dj pooh feels about the scene in "straight outta compton" where ice cube writes the "friday" script all by himself.
2	thursday final ratings: 'astronaut wives club' &amp; 'under the dome' flat at lows, 'big brother slips' &amp; 'beauty and ...
2	prompted by the ace jack white film the other night, i am (voluntarily) listening to (old) u2 for the 1st time in years. *loses all friends*
2	tylahhhmarie only ones i can think of as a possibility are ed sheeran or sam smith. ed's your ends on the 9th and sam's the 12th..
2	having a ride along with ice cube and kevin hart must be very peaceful... ridealong2 ~ jan 15
2	&amp;160;aug 9 (reuters) - frank gifford, a star on the football field for the new york giants and later a star in the broadcasting booth as
2	n_seaweed did you know that the director and ice cube created the "bye felicia" phrase when they did the movie friday together?
2	had a dream that i sat in a vegas club with floyd mayweather, eli manning, and vincent chase. not sure why my brain put those 3 together.
2	sun 16 aug. we continue our series in jonah with some challenging implications for christians today. clements,...
2	sxmthehighway beautiful saturday morning listening to hot45sxm while getting ready for jason aldean and kenny chesney tonight
2	looking closely at john kasich. a moderate who may finally get me to vote the other way. extremists on either side will not serve us well,
2	anyone want jason aldean tickets for friday?
2	mlbtheshow_tips do you think david price will be a diamond on monday??
2	3rd round of the pga championship is live on news19 at 2. dutch fork's dustin johnson tees off at 3:12. (usa today)
2	my prediction about david price --&gt;
2	moto g (3rd gen) vs. moto x play specs: what's the difference?
2	may get fired for sneaking into sam smith's dressing room tonight to ask him if he'll sing at my funeral but it'll be worth it. stay tuned.
2	sam smith tonight. probs won't have a voice tomorrow.
2	christians should be the most happy and cheerful people... so others may say 'what makes him so happy? saved happy straightouttaofsin
2	thursday final ratings: astronaut wives &amp; under the dome flat, big brother slips &amp; 'beauty and the beast' rises batb
2	kathy is selling 2 tickets to the zac brown band concert tomorrow. message me if you want 'em.
2	based on the 3rd tee shot, my hope of dustin johnson winning has gone. pulls and hooks are always an issue with his wrist position?
2	the world no 1 and world no 2 provided the main event at whistling straits on thursday, even though dustin johnson eventually claimed a
2	let me blow your mind. the original writer of friday night lights is the same author who wrote the caitlyn jenner cover story for vanityfair
2	had been wantin 2 c black friday since the whole yakub controversy. saw it aftr 10 years. whoevr says yakub shudnt hv been hung, shud c dis.
2	i had this written at like half 6 today and almost forgot to post it! featuring wilco, ant-man, whas and more.
2	"muslims facing tomorrow" support canada's listing of the iranian &amp; syrian regimes as state sponsors of terror.
2	rehab update: kirk nieuwenhuis struck out swinging and david wright grounded out to second base in their 1st abs tonight with stluciemets!
2	mimi_cms6846 and don't get me going on scott walker, he raided 250 million to give the miwaukee bucks
2	the temptation to sin is strongest among christians on saturday because they know forgiveness is just a stone's throw away.
2	rehab update: kirk nieuwenhuis and david wright score in the 4th to put the mets up 2-1. kirk reached on a bb, wright on a fielders choice.
2	hi guys! we know a lot of you want to see paper towns, we won't be showing it from monday but we are hoping to...
2	janick gers interviewed on the new iron maiden album, out sept 4...
2	runners on 2nd and 3rd with one out for david wright.
2	the scene when ice cube raps the club for the 1st time. man.
2	quick question: has anyone seen or heard of dustin johnson recently? he was last seen at the beginning of friday's second round. bbcgolf
2	finallevel ourcoldworld how do you get ice t and ice cube confused.....1 is from friday the other is from new jack city
2	if it ain't broke don't fix it, why move kris bryant up to 3rd when he's hitting as good as he has all season at 5
2	david wright played 7 innings at 3b on saturday night for st. lucie. 0-for-3 with a walk and strikeout.
2	what a play by arrieta, but the execution isn't finished by kris bryant. e-5, his 14th error of the season. crosstowncup
2	serious question, anyone want to go to the jason aldean concert friday at klipsch?
2	anyone else going to the big brother stuff at central tomorrow
2	shaun the sheep or ant-man tomorrow with the boys?
2	due up for tex in the 6th: josh hamilton, elvis andrus, &amp; rougned odor. letsgorangers
2	the night watchman's journal.... scholar who walks the night... poor you sun, homin oppas do not like u.. they like night more
2	'at your christmas, bagram is alit and bright; on my eid, even the rays of the sun are dead.
2	christians, tomorrow morning as a gathering of believers, you have a divine appointment with god. how many of you...
2	i wonder if the bella twins will be at teen choice tomorrow since they're nominated. probably gonna lose to rousey, though.
2	eff dunkin at 4 tomorrow eff dunkin all the time actually
2	or_lce for me it's ok if duffman finishes 2nd behind kris bryant (i really like him for nlroy), but if he wins it, i'll be happy :)
2	april just freaked me out bc our local dunkin is different from half of our friends now even though their dorm is only two blocks away nyc
2	the 2nd time i've seen zac brown band. the 0th time he's played my favorite song
2	saw straight outta compton..and i didn't know ice cube wrote the script for friday!
2	haley cox and i have decided we are going to skip the jason aldean concert this coming friday. if you want our...
2	leannynr i only go once a week or so ... that may be because i work at home and going to dunkin means leaving my house
2	enijah_jacquee she asked if that part in the movie inspired the "bye felicia" for friday &amp; i'm just saying maybe cause ice cube wrote it
2	i'm going to be so mad if frank ocean releases his new album the minute before he goes on stage on saturday
2	ice cube's son could get it all and twice on sunday.
2	it was so dope to see ice cube writing "friday" in the nwa movie
2	i'm in bed body rolling to frank ocean on a saturday night. heard the fellas like women with no lives that's why i just tweeted this
2	i'm not staying up all the way to watch naruto. grandmother's birthday lunch is tomorrow so i need my rest
2	it's naruto shippuden time meet your new 5th hokaga for tonight on toonami
2	i was about to tweet "i'm going to fight frank ocean for trolling us with an old mixtape" but then i remembered his verse on sunday
2	not half as ridiculous as the story of a state govt. spending hundred of millions on prayer warriors against boko haram! sunday church
2	shouts out to the atheists who - every sunday - rant about christians suddenly loving god on sundays.
2	naruto__17 "naruto, i think it may be a bad idea to continue, unless you really want me to."
2	mayweather ends feud with rousey: 'i wish her nothing but the best'
2	i want ice cube to stop making all these other movies and give us that "last friday"
2	in irish cinemas august 21st: we've got some teen romantic drama arriving in the form of paper towns as well a...
2	iron maiden released their new video on the 14th of august \m/
2	"group spent its apex, in part, defending its 1st amendment rights. but, at his most dangerous, ice cube seemed protected by the 2nd" nwa
2	john kasich: "i don't read a bible to figure out what i think": gov. john kasich sat down with dana bash to ta...
2	flipkartsupport when will the moto g (3rd gen) 16 gb model be available?
2	aussie_truth kronik lol. when i.got my moto g 2nd gen i got on a web address for found the type.of ph, then in...
2	selling a jason aldean ticket for this friday!! text me if you're interested
2	if 'lonny breaux pt 2' is frank ocean's new album then shit we've all been played, it's been on spotify since 30th june
2	rousey may have the captainmarvel look, but she needs to prove she's good enough to carry not just one movie but an entire franchise.
2	i saw ant-man on friday night, but peeked in the showing of soc to see the response. packed showing with racial mix.
2	: billy ho going all sharknado on championship sunday.
2	chuckin' cows was a hobby, down on the farm. norris wing was the insane asylum. what can chuck norris do with this?
2	is there a single word in this 2006 gordon brown speech to the city of london that george osborne couldn't have said?
2	i've just sat and listened to sam smith's album i'm emo
2	have you ever sat back and thought why people accepted the name ice cube as a reputable rap name?
2	sat in beer garden of crwys pub with my father his lady and my precious and i see glynn from big brother!
2	i had a naruto phase early sec sch late pri sch i think. there was this narunata fancomic online called oranges in the sun i think
2	acdc twivia question 2100: this ac/dc release was their 1st 1 lp in the usa. rolling stone magazine declared it to be their best album?
2	seriously debating going to see paper towns on my own tomorrow
2	all i see over my twitter feed is "paper towns is out tomorrow" i realised this 50 tweets ago, thank you.
2	review: phi mil b1-2o: phillies challenged (play at 1st), call on the field was overturned: ryan braun grounds out, shortstop freddy ...
2	dustin johnson's caddie should do the old hockey trick where every sunday he tells him it's thursday all morning so he shoots mid-60s.
2	well, dustin johnson isn't really in contention but that won't stop him from royally screwing things up on the sunday of a major.
2	dustin johnson hacking about. it must be a sunday.
2	dustin johnson with his best dustin johnson impersonation on the 1st hole at whistling straits
2	so much for coming from behind being better for dustin johnson. he's done and he hasn't gotten to the 1st green yet.
2	dustin johnson cashing it in on the 1st hole. that didn't take long.
2	dustin johnson wasting no time reminding everyone that sunday really, really isn't his day. ever.
2	dustin johnson...the 1st hole? wow...pgachampionship
2	anyone wanna give me a ride to the jason aldean concert friday?
2	speetgolfeast jameskent85 hate to see it. dustin johnson on the 1st. headsgone
2	dustin johnson is playing like me on the 1st hole. that is not a good thing. pgachampionship
2	at least dustin johnson didn't hang around til the end to lose this major..i think he's hitting his 7th shot on 1st hole. still not on green
2	dustin johnson with his traditional sunday meltdown at a major bottleless
2	not sure i could muster the mental strength to play 17 more holes after doing what dustin johnson just did on the 1st. pgachampionship
2	and to think i wrote this dustin johnson tweet after the second round of the british open
2	dustin johnson quadruple bogies the 1st hole? must be sunday of a major
2	paper towns is released in the uk tomorrow and i have nobody to watch it with. *cries eternally*
2	is there really any point in dustin johnson playing the 4th round of a major?
2	i see 'sunday major dustin johnson' showed up today. +4 after the first... roughstart fightback pgachamp
2	poor dustin johnson! this is going to be special. c'mon rose pgachampionship
2	gonna be a long day for dustin johnson... starts the final round of the pgachampionship with a quadruple bogey on the 1st hole.
2	dustin johnson runs out of coke by the 4th round
2	dustin johnson isn't the first guy to drop 22 places in a major on sunday, but it usually takes more than 1 hole. pgachampionship
2	dustin johnson is about to get that 'tony romo in the 4th quarter' treatment.
2	dustin johnson has blew it. quadruple bogie at the 1st
2	i could gie dustin johnson a game going by the way he played the 1st!!
2	owl dustin johnson always gets himself into contention. then goes on a coke binge come the saturday night, and then totally blows up.
2	wonder whether it'd be a good idea if sis and i went to the movies tomorrow to see paper towns.
2	you can't make this up. dustin johnson starts his round with a snowman 8 quadruple boget on the 1st.
2	christ, i get it. paper towns is out tomorrow.
2	capnryan hey ryan! would you consider having on audrey middleton from cbs's big brother? she made history being the 1st transgender on it!
2	as sure as the sun coming up everyday, dustin johnson implodes at a sunday major pgachampionship
2	lbc nickferrarilbc talking about muslims tomorrow morning? are you sure it's the right show??
2	i'm going to take a wild guess and say that paper towns is out tomorrow?
2	dustin johnson got an 8 on the first hole today, so it must be sunday.
2	super eagles coach, sunday oliseh says it is wrong to tag some players 'home-based,' even as they ply their trade in the domestic league.
2	the signs on dunkin doors should say see you tomorrow instead of see you soon
2	if you stare directly at the sun, it merely burns your retinas. if you stare directly at chuck norris, you die.
2	brewers ryan braun records his 10th career game with at least 5 rbi
2	frank gifford past away 08/09/15. helping to light up the camaraderie on monday nights was only a part of what he'll be remembered (next
2	tidersalliance gerard way, green day, nirvana, memphis may fire, we the kings, the foo fighters, union j, fall out boy, jordan sweeto ect.
2	dustin johnson would have several majors under his belt if only the thursday / friday rounds counted
2	its fire how in straightouttacompton they show ice cube working on " friday" the movie b4 it ever existed in real life
2	it didn't take long for dustin johnson to have his sunday meltdown at the pga:
2	i need dustin johnson to remember who he is and that it's sunday, not thursday
2	dustin johnson would be -13, tied for 5th if he simply bogeyed the first instead of puttin' up a snowman.
2	let the romance rumors continue! in a sneak peek clip from this sunday's brand new episode of i am cait, caitlyn jenner heads over to bff
2	heck of a bounce back by dustin johnson to be under par after an 8 on the 1st pgachampionship whatcouldhavebeen
2	after going +5 on the 1st 4 holes (including a quadruple bogey on 1), dustin johnson is -7 for his next 8.
2	...i know the sexy pick for nl roty is kris bryant .257/16/66 1st rd., but matt duffy? .310/10/59 18th rd. ...duffy has more hits overall...
2	"mar, do you know that caitlyn jenner still has a ball sack?" - my 7yr old cousin..
2	not often when you see dustin johnson going low on a sunday
2	what a joke of a scorecard by dustin johnson. -4 today with a quadruple bogey 8 on the par 4 1st. 2 eagles on the back 9. pgachampionship
2	if dustin johnson had pared the 1st hole he'd be 17 under right now
2	if dustin johnson makes par at the 1st instead of quad, we have a ball game. he's still fun to watch
2	dustin johnson's scorecard is ridiculous. starts with a snowman on the 1st hole. since then hes added 2 eagles and 4 birdies
2	brawler martin maulers came all the way from prince george to get lockedin for their 20th anniversary. can they get out before their 21st?!
2	uspga man totally oblivious to dustin johnson's tee shot landing beside him at the 17th. foreleft
2	dustin johnson is -8 over the last 14 holes. oh for that quad on the 1st....
2	i have no idea what to wear tomorrow to the sam smith concert.. need to go shopping but hate shopping. ugh
2	kudos to dustin johnson for finishing with a 69 after starting the day with a quadruple bogey. an 8 on the 1st could've led to an 80+ easy.
2	dear paddypower any chance you can pay out 7th place on dustin johnson after his comeback today justiceforjohnsonbackers
2	highoffhazee only thing that is guaranteed of tomorrow is the finishing off of any christians left in the m.e...hazel wallah you're giving
2	just your typical sunday ...spieth and day there in the end, while dustin johnson falls apart in his final round
2	what if caitlyn jenner is actually the worlds ultimate april fools joke?
2	ryan braun hit a grand slam and finished with five rbi in sunday's 6-1 win over the phillies.
2	dustin johnson flies out of the blocks at every major, but he simply cannot get it right on a sunday.
2	i hope tomorrow is the last raw where seth rollins is wwe champion for at least a year.
2	anyone want to see sam smith with me on october 6th?
2	kaaiitlynmaarie i just put on the tcas because i can always watch big brother on on demand tomorrow
2	never say never .. &amp; how do you know ? he gone be somewhere in the studio with trey songz and frank ocean gay asses
2	maybe i'll just draw iron maiden fan art the rest of the night. wouldn't be the 1st time.
2	hold me, thrill me, kiss me, kill me by u2 was no.13 in the uk charts on 16 august 1995
2	big brother gossip: big brother season 17, episode 24 recap: the sunday after the double eviction episod... bb17
2	how did 5h beat bad blood? may the world never know
2	though when ice cube said something and the whole audience laughed, i didn't know if they were laughing at the meme or the friday reference.
2	_e0wyn_ lol ice cube's movie friday. they are trying to get rid of someone named felicia they don't want around.
2	"our founders never intended for us to have a professional political class" - carly fiorina carlyfiorina may you see many new followers.
2	ice cube writes like every movie he's in lol
2	talkin to god on sunday and allah by monday. wonder if i'll meet buddha in nirvana one day.
2	dosu with super eagles coach sunday oliseh nd larry izamoje.....
2	teens/kids saying that old dude 'paul mccartney' may have a chance in the music biz! hahaha!!! sooo green these...
2	which means david price may pitch vs the tigers at home
2	check out the new iron maiden video from their forthcoming album book of souls out september 4th! \m/ listen to...
2	ima walk into class tomorrow like ice cube did to his auntie house in "straight outta compton" with a binder and all kinds of notebooks.
2	timesn0w i don't have the figures but i find hyderabadi muslims much more educated in comparison to other parts. may not be due to mim
2	the new series of celebrity big brother will kick off on thursday, august 27th, and as you're sure to be aware by...
2	perbler i study sat prep material so i can understand the big words they use in naruto
2	ice cube's wife: how's ur screenplay for $6.5mil opening wknd grossing 1995 film "friday" coming? cube: lol it's funny straightouttacompton
2	the honeymoon seems over for newly appointed super eagles coach, sunday oliseh who will tonight hit the abuja...
2	probably why marvel is waiting to show the civil war trailer until late sep/early oct to give ppl enough time to get caught up w/ ant-man
2	boko haram leader shekau says he is alive he may be lieing
2	sam_wong_11 see you tomorrow caitlyn jenner
2	now that the world has accepted ice cube son, be on the look out for a friday prequel
2	does moto g 3rd gen support 4g on both the sims (band 3 and 40)
2	pennilessartist walkerbooksuk unfortunately not! but we are promoting i'll give you the sun at paper towns screenings today.
2	udhampur terror attack: yakub produced in patiala house court new delhi, aug 17 (uni) mohammad naved yakub, the...
2	fact-checking straight outta compton with ice cube:
2	i've woken up to a text every day since friday with somebody different telling me i look like ice cube
2	follow jasonmdstein for coverage of scott walker at the iowa state fair. here's a preview:
2	dustin johnson shot 66 to lead after day one at whistling straits. 1.33am bst piercy gets up and
2	monday inniit boi entertainment eye candy with the world's famous * janet jackson * age 50.... black is...
2	wesley_morris "bye felicia" is an ice cube line from friday. and, suge knight is a blood (red wardrobe &amp; immediate conflict with snoop)..
2	geekyranjit hi ranjit! should i use a screen protector for my moto g (3rd gen) to avoid scratches even though it has a gorilla glass?
2	mandychoccy are you and the girls still coming down on sat? beth can order the paper towns tickets on thurs if so.
2	look at ice cube riding the wave...
2	super eagles coach sunday oliseh has invited 18 foreign based professionals to the super eagles.. enyeama, eduok included. tanzania
2	fieldyates was at the zac brown band concert in philly on saturday. saw a lot of "jailbait" and immediately thought of you. it was weird.
2	super eagles manager sunday oliseh has invited 18 foreign-based players for the 2017 afcon qualifiers against tanzania
2	sunday oliaeh dropped the duo mikel obi and victor moses from the list of super eagles nations cup match against tanzania
2	toughzz hey zz are you going to watch monday night raw? are you looking forward to see john cena to return are undertaker and brock lesnar
2	is it weird that i'd rather david wright not come back, so uribe could stay at 3rd?
2	today's mlb cheatsheet is live! ryan braun is pumped about it.
2	bb17 protip: always dvr the hour show after big brother on sundays, because sports. after sept 1, up it to 2 hours, football is long.
2	ohio gov. john kasich signs up for the south carolina gop presidential primary on feb. 20.
2	nff executive and super eagles coach sunday oliseh on the floor of nigerian stock exchange
2	you march to aso rock and super eagles play football match in abuja stadium get it right people, if you play with matches you get burnt
2	i think millerfortexas may owe an apology to the japanese as much as he does to muslims.
2	saw a sign at my local dunkin about pumpkin coffee being available tomorrow. with this 90 degree weather i don't think i'm ready for that.
2	had a horrible day at work so i'm in the bath listening to frank ocean... what do you mean it's only monday?
2	scott walker turned a heckling incident at the iowa state fair on monday into an opportunity to hawk his book and...
2	razarumi prakashpranaya i still think the number of muslims in india exceed pakistan may not be indonesia!
2	super eagles coach, sunday oliseh, has pleaded not to be compared with bayern munich coach, pep guardiola,...
2	it's a 1st amendment jerk! scott walker to protesters in iowa: 'i am not intimidated by you': via madisondotcom
2	david wright will resume his rehab assignment tomorrow evening at 6:30 pm with the stluciemets. off today again. mets
2	gop hopeful kasich files for 1st-in-the-south primary: ohio gov. john kasich on monday landed the endo... hinews
2	troy bird's 1st grade teacher asked him how many stars there were on the american flag. chuck norris replied "yes." and was correct.
2	sometimes you have a monday and a half. for those days, i rely on sam smith and jack daniels.
2	carly fiorina ditches the stump speech: standing atop the iowa state fair soapbox on monday, republican presid...
2	trump addresses the redstate gathering on saturday, as do two other highly ranked rivals, jeb bush and scott walker
2	sunday's telecast of big brother featuring vanessarousso was delayed 30 minutes, but pokerupdate has you covered:
2	former host of "the daily show" john stewart will be guest host of summerslam on sunday; has feud with seth rollins
2	on this day in august 17, 2009~ raw: randy orton &amp; john cena vs. big show &amp; chris jericho
2	on this day in august 17, 2012~ smackdown: daniel bryan vs. randy orton
2	i may have invited my boyfriend over tomorrow because my nirvana poster fell down and i'm not tall enough to put it back up but he is so
2	new post: video: watch sunday oliseh talk about his plans for super eagles pls re-share newsonlineng
2	... my client aka brock lesnar, i may be his advocate but you sir are in this trap about pure oblivion, destruction, possibly you turned...
2	mstarjd aczepllin supercard_game chuck norris already has the answers of monday night talking
2	super eagles chief coach sunday oliseh has unveiled his team list for the 2017 africa cup of nations group g game...
2	john kasich on isis, immigration: cbs news correspondent major garrett sat down with governor john kasich to d...
2	from the time we were kids and grew up watching frank gifford on monday night football, he was always a private...
2	new match added to summerslam card for this sunday: randy orton vs. sheamus has been added to the card for thi...
2	daniboothang indeliblemarq__ my 13 yr old cousin didnt know ice cube was a rapper...just an "superstar actor" from the friday movies lol
2	august 17, 2015 presidential candidate carly fiorina at the iowa state fair...
2	ice cube came up with "bye felicia" from the "friday" movie &amp; they put it in the straight outta compton movie...
2	goldiein604 garossino friendshongkong tlupick if the price is "artificially" pushed up, may be they should develop in prince george?
2	trump may be in the lead but i really like scott walker
2	an it's the match next of randy orton next on monday night raw
2	super eagles coach, sunday oliseh invites 18 for tanzania (see full list): head coach of the super eagles, sun...
2	hello world n' welcome to monday nite raw, startin things off the apex predator himself... randy orton. raw
2	well cheeky of frank ocean to put the date of his new album at july 30th
2	alyssa_milano frank gifford have died due to a natural causes (was 74 years). if had continued alive,had turned 75 years the day 16th.
2	dadler28 quran even says the planets move in space in an orbit unlike christians claiming sun orbited earth. can supply verse of wanted lol
2	2 million ppl tuned in on avg for the bluejays game fri, 3.1 million the peak, rogers don't tell me there's no $ to resign david price!
2	new york man plotted to harm muslims, obama with x-ray device: prosecutor
2	vvvwrestling and i may be beat randy orton but if randy orton beat me he earned it so i don't care
2	seth rollins' statue will be one billion cubits in height, so that he may be remembered for all eternity~!. raw tnacreative
2	seth rollins won't be happy till he loses the wwe championship to johncena on sunday theroadtosummerslam raw
2	roman reigns and dean ambrose are going to put down the wyatts this sunday at summerslam. wwe raw
2	wweuniverse looking forward to the dean ambrose turn sunday. should have held a sign up that says i'm turning.. wweraw wweminny
2	the undertaker showed up on monday night raw with a message for brock lesnar.
2	i'm calling it now, monday, august 17th 2015, 9:45 pm brock lesnar will make undertaker tap out.
2	if brock lesnar wins this sunday, im going to f5 annie through the coffee table... summerslam
2	brock lesnar vs pop-pop. this sunday, only on the wwenetwork! raw
2	hey wwe my name is shaky knee. i ordered the seth rollins u can't c knee shirt and i need it before sunday. let's make this work.
2	this sunday you will be my bitch, seth rollins hahahahahaha raw
2	johncena going to be seth rollins bitch this sun summerslam raw
2	no idea where scott walker sought medical care following his violent sink encounter, but he may want to obtain a second opinion!
2	well it's official john cena vs seth rollins titlefortitle winner take on this sunday at summerslam raw
2	cena gonna make seth rollins his bitch this sunday lets goo johncena
2	cena all day he always speaks the truth and seth rollins will be his bitch on sunday trust me 16timechampsoon
2	wweindia john cena like never seen before.with this aggression cena will rip apart seth rollins n be the 16th time champ raw
2	seth rollins talks &amp; talks every monday on raw for about 45 minutes
2	this thursday night in smackdown it's a big 8 man tag team match randy orton reigns ambrose cesaro vs shamus owens luke an wyatt raw
2	gothic rock... i wonder if new model army ever thought about covering u2's hit "sunday bloody sunday"!
2	join us friday night after the jason aldean concert for a special night of music with corey cox and scotty...
2	pretty sure the last time frank ocean dropped anything i was in the 11th grade
2	brock lesnar is home tonight. &amp; how appropriate because after he loses sunday, he's gonna go home &amp; stay there! wwe raw brockshomecoming
2	raw this may be the first and only mark out moment in brock lesnar's career
2	raw this sunday brock lesnar will remember undertaker the same way wwe remembers hulk hogan
2	brock lesnar, wear a cup this sunday. gotta protect the family jewels.
2	the deadman's out for revenge! i can't believe he got booed tonight but i know sunday that the undertaker will beat brock lesnar!! raw
2	first time ever you hear "boos" for the undertaker! brock lesnar gonna beat his ass sunday!! wweraw
2	brock lesnar is going over sunday at summerslam doesn't take a rocket scientist to figure that out raw
2	define religious liberty. do you mean just christians, or liberty for all religions, like in the constitution.
2	full results from an action-packed raw, in which john cena really took it to seth rollins.
2	i'll bet scott walker thinks about march 31st a lot.
2	which is better: gronk's new sportscenter ad, or his 4th and final dunkin' donuts music video with big papi?
2	i really hope brock lesnar just destroys the undertaker sunday
2	scott walker repeatedly avoided whether he would deport children born in the usa. maybe didn't get to the 14th amendment b4 he quit college.
2	michaelirwin57 his numbers are deceiving, but it is his first year. he has some david price similarities, but he may not pan out.
2	.mets third baseman david wright will reportedly make his return next monday.
2	brock lesnar is going to be on mike and mike tomorrow. which one gets sent to suplex city first? 3sob johnnynba
2	these kids born in the 90s didnt know a ice cube as a hardcore rapper they know him as a actor and the guy from friday. so who's shooting?
2	david wright already having set backs. wont play til monday in philly. i wish he wouldn't get paid for the time missed.
2	_alexisaguirre_ not sure if you'd enjoy them, but forever the sickest kids. coasts. possibly owl city? sam smith. the neighborhood. u may??
2	lonely star, life of the party, the birds pt. 1 &amp; 2, rolling stone, valerie
2	somebody find me a cheap ticket for the seth rollins meet and greet saturday at 3. i'm not paying over $100.
2	might as well make a new friday and have ice cube son play craig son
2	iron maiden - live in milan, italy, march 30th, 1981 [with paul di'anno]
2	kinda considering getting tickets to see sam smith again in december to make it six concerts over four months?
2	some of you are more interested in mikel obi playing for super eagles than mikel obi himself. dude may be more concerned about making money.
2	what happened after monday&amp;8217;s raw with brock lesnar?
2	home base super eagles having their first training with coach sunday oliseh and his assistant francois
2	oliseh becomes the first nigeria football figure to ring a bell at nse: super eagles coach sunday oliseh visit...
2	oliseh invites 18 for tanzania, drops mikel obi, victor moses: head coach of the super eagles, sunday oliseh, ...
2	"chrisbrown: i think chris tucker and ice cube should really make another friday!!!" &gt;&gt;&gt; i know right
2	cbstaywinning chris tucker and ice cube need to make another friday
2	morning must reads: august 18: wisconsin gov. scott walker and sen. marco rubio are both talking about healthc...
2	hillary clinton, caitlyn jenner and nobel peace prize winner malala yousafzai will kick off the 13th season of...
2	brock lesnar is wearing the exact same thing he wore the last time he went on espn in april. one can only conclude, he owns one blazer.
2	carly fiorina: unlike hillary clinton, i didn't do 'photo ops' with world leaders - washington times
2	on this day in august 18, 2013~ summerslam: dean ambrose vs. rob van dam
2	taker. undertaker attacks lesnar to a disrespectful amount of boos. hope undertaker beats brock lesnar for the 3rd time at ss
2	isaiah thomas tweeted that he worked out with floyd mayweather on tuesday.
2	scott walker now says he would phase out rfs: source: - tuesday, augus... youtube parents
2	wisconsin gov. scott walker is prepared to call out members of his own party tuesday as he unveils his own plan...
2	'' cyborg ' going to reach 135 pounds to combat rousey in december breakingnews
2	brock lesnar really about to kill the undertaker sunday
2	3 people from big brother are going to be at flip flops friday lol
2	indieversity bruce jenner may have; however, caitlyn jenner is teaching some &amp; reminding others about humanism &amp; compassion. iamcait
2	[oshodi] oliseh to pick five more home based players - super eagles coach sunday oliseh has announced he will sele...
2	janet jackson new album out oct 2nd: multiple sources confirm that during an interview with donnie... read more!
2	sunday oliseh, jay jay okocha: super eagles coach refutes rift with okocha....
2	i gotta say, rubio sounds about as "presidential" as any of them. he's a close 2nd to scott walker in my book.
2	pga, 'big brother' score for cbs: jason day wipes away tears on the 18th green alongside caddie colin swatton ...
2	you already know brock lesnar will beat/win the undertaker this sunday at summer slam looool mark my words
2	s/o to the folks just now learning ice cube did more than friday and dre isn't just responsible for eminem's come up themoreyouknow
2	head coach of the super eagles, sunday oliseh, has spoken about his relationship with former team-m... badotweet
2	scott walker was having a good day of campaigning monday, and then something unexpected happened: the truth about...
2	wwe may be staged but brock lesnar is just a monster. he nearly made an nfl team with no football experience
2	the weeknd dropping a mixtape right before he drops his new album on the 28th, yet it's been 3 years since we got some new frank ocean.
2	wisconsin gov. scott walker talked tough on immigration monday, saying he had a "similar" approach to that of real estate mogul donald
2	ice cube still look the same as he did in the friday movies.. everybody else looking old
2	sunday am message- being a christian is more than just a name. god commands us to act like christians. find out...
2	brock lesnar had to have a very similar surgery to the one i am having tomorrow. brocklesnar
2	three new movies open at the spfldpalace this friday (8/21/15)...terminator genisys in thx, plus magic mike and paper towns.
2	september 4th last day at dunkin
2	scott walker says he'll move to repeal obamacare on first day of presidency - sun times national
2	.stluciemets: .mets david wright in tonight's lineup. here are pics from his 1st rehab game.
2	"the deadman makes no apologies about what he's done to brock lesnar ... or what he's about to do at summerslam."
2	pastors consider dedicating service on sept 27 to praying for savesaeed &amp;for christians persecuted around the world
2	super eagles head coach, sunday ogorchukwu oliseh has come out with an explanation of his shock decision to leave...
2	sam smith on twitter talking about the end of his tour. he better be in raleigh, come october 6.
2	i think at this juncture i may like queens of the stone age more than i like nirvana. tending bar 124rabbit tonight if you'd like to discus
2	monday, august 17, 2015 frank gifford and the 1952 new york giants by tj troup
2	layinsmackdown so you think the "feud" between brock lesnar vs the undertaker will end after sunday's match at "summerslam"?
2	josh hamilton (knee) is out of the rangers' starting lineup again on tuesday night against the mariners.
2	no movie tonight or tomorrow! hope you enjoy the week and we'll be back on friday with paper towns! :)
2	if anyone is going to the jason aldean concert friday night, please dm. me and gabe foust need a ride.
2	werleman's wager: if you are an atheist &amp; call atheists islamophobic for being critical of islam, a radical muslims may spare your life.
2	christians preachers &amp; believers must watch sunday worship, christmas &amp; easter &amp; what the bible says!!!
2	aug 8 (the sports xchange) - david price allowed three singles in seven innings while justin smoak became the first blue jay to hit a
2	he's all set for the citi field pictionary game "stluciemets: rehab update: david wright draws a walk on a 3-2 pitch in the 1st. mets"
2	of josh hamilton was out of the rangers' lineup for a third-consecutive game tuesday with a sore left knee
2	rangers of josh hamilton out of the lineup for 3rd straight game with sore knee. hopes to return thur vs. tigers.
2	sharknado may not be real, but firenado is! thinking of the firefighters who have been battling these conditions.
2	legouix big brother coming back (us v uk). 20th anniversary of blur/oasis battle which blur won with country house.
2	david wright's e5 on throw pulls therealsmith22 off 1st, tho he looked out. the_marauders get 4 unearned runs, lead mets 4-1.
2	oh man. seth rollins is going to be on sinowlive in friday and it's my day off :(
2	nice 1st pitch from jordanspieth but he should have been the one signing the ball for josh hamilton, instead of the other way around 1
2	dunkindonuts summer may be going, but dunkin's pumpkin is coming! ddpumpkin sweepstakes
2	hopefully ice cube get enough money from barbershop 3 , ride along 2 &amp; s.o.c to make the last 'friday' movie.
2	5 home-based for tanzania: super eagles coach sunday oliseh has revealed he will pick five players from the do...
2	david wright stranded for the third time tonight for st. lucie. mets trail 4-1 headed to the 6th inning.
2	with two outs in the 1st, ryan braun hustles out a double to right-center. brewers
2	"theweeknd: lonely star life of the party thursday the zone the birds part 1 and 2 gone rolling stone and heaven or las vegas 4 years old"
2	anthonymccarron u2 at the brendan byrne in spring of 85. i apparently joined peterbotte for the 2nd leg at the coliseum in the fall.
2	caitlyn jenner may as well donate her balls to the gop since she doesn't need them &amp; the gop needs a pair.
2	we may look at the protestant vs catholic unrest as silly, but the same is happening now against muslims. reign beontherightsideofhistory
2	just to be clear. if scott walker wants to end the 14th amendment, that will apply to all persons right?
2	johncena yup people gone hate you more. but is all okay so long you bet seth rollins. watch your back this sunday.
2	sore left knee keeping hamilton out: rangers outfielder josh hamilton was not in the lineup in tuesday's 3-2 l...
2	one of the 1st bono references by ohio gov. john kasich of the 2016 campaign...and now tim tebow too via wkyc
2	super eagles coach sunday oliseh spoke to journalists in lagos on monday, on why he took the eagles job and his...
2	someone get dunkin with me tomorrow morning.
2	mythbuster: the truth about rules, relievers, ryan braun and more
2	scott walker sat down and went "i want to write a mariachi song about the seventh fucking seal"
2	high point. ice cube's son was the mvp of this movie. whoever played eazy should get 6th man of the year. whoever casted snoop shoot them.
2	the undertaker is gonna tombstone the shit out of brock lesnar on sunday.
2	oliseh looking for playmakers in super eagles squad: sunday oliseh has revealed that he will not invite only p...
2	by james oliphant des moines, iowa, aug 17 (reuters) - sinking in the polls here, scott walker started on monday to sound very much like
2	paul dunne tied for 16th at the us amateurs: ireland's paul dunne improved by two strokes to sign for a one-un...
2	strawatheist c'mon apart from jews, muslims and christians whom their beliefs are a bit similar, the rest are not realistic
2	log out no one in naruto is stronger then goku, the fuckery wlh
2	i have just listed: 'prince george of cambridge 1st birthday commemorative mug prince georg...', for 7.50 via amazon
2	fi_fitz hi fiona tomorrow on key 103 top 10 at 10 please can you play me marry j blige u2 one please thanks fiona
2	just heard skyhooks version of "women in uniform" for the 1st time. think the iron maiden version is probably still the best.
2	mayweather vs. rousey will never happen in the boxing
2	uzumaki_khan do god eater tomorrow along with naruto since its ur day off
2	straight outta compton the movie has to include a deleted scene of ice cube spittin the 1st verse on the song straight outta compton on dvd
2	say it again? oh c'mon beast, ufc brock lesnar: vince mcmahon is a better promoter than dana white via yahoosports
2	if i get my c in health and social on my essay on the transgender community tomorrow , i will thank caitlyn jenner myself
2	boxingufcnflnba by the way 24 champion s defeated is 2nd most in history another stat floyd mayweather holds
2	don't forget to stop in tomorrow night for a chance to win 2 tickets to the jason aldean concert august 23rd. for...
2	can you imagine a night under the sun in takoradi for a digital and analog games night for christians and all?...
2	august 28th, the day we finally get to hear what ice cube has got to say
2	frank ocean really sold dreams uno, it's the 19th of august and still no album
2	ohio gov. john kasich (r) on wednesday said that he would like to get rid of teachers' lounges to reduce how much...
2	gotta buy that rolling stone this friday so i can read about dre n'em
2	y'all. why am i just now getting the the correlation between soc, ice cube, friday, &amp; "bye felicia"? idk how that's just now clicking.
2	please register for this free event with gov. scott walker on monday in sun city. it is open to the public!
2	brock lesnar vs. undertaker: a brief history of wwe's summerslam main event: this sunday, the two biggest attr...
2	i may or may not be in love with ice cube's son
2	as super eagles head coach, sunday ogorchukwu oliseh enters day three of his active period in charge of the...
2	they should just say fuck chris tucker and make another friday with ice cube's son and dc young fly
2	the new mulawpoll comes out tomorrow, folks. how is scott walker polling in his home state? enquiring minds want to know.
2	david wright may not be an everyday player when he returns until his back is full strength again, tc says, and that could be spring.
2	4 the record: ryan braun smacks 252nd career hr-1 more than robin yount; wild brewers marlins wed matinee; the story on fox 6 sports 5p
2	canucks tickets went on sale august 17th for their training camp in prince george. who's going?...
2	mama g said we could go see paper towns tomorrow and i swear if she cancels on me
2	an eclipse is just the sun's attempt to hide from chuck norris
2	who's ready for wwe summerslam this sunday!! watch john cena - wwe universe take on seth rollins for the wwe...
2	hopefully the weeknd doesn't pull a frank ocean and drops his album on time! august 28th!
2	and as we all know, the mets used the second of those picks to draft a baby-faced high school 3rd baseman from virginia named david wright.
2	paul dunne 1 up going down the 18th in his match with robbie ziegler at the us amateur championship
2	paul dunne makes a birdie at the 18th and is through to the last 32 at the us amateur championships after a 2up win over robbie ziegler
2	i predict frank ocean will drop his album in the wee hours of thursday night
2	hippomothamus randomelginguy taindogg and whoever else wants to see it... paper towns on sunday?
2	geoffsheen760 sees name at top of leaderboard for tweet of the day. immediately has dustin johnson like quad bogey. finishes tied for 12th.
2	abphotography25 of it's an argument that ends that conversation, as christians we can't let the sun go down on our anger so we have to try
2	wwe smackdown returns to phx oct. 27 us airways center. see world champion seth rollins, the divas &amp; more. wwe
2	mainshinobi around what time on thursday does kissanime upload the new naruto episode
2	brock lesnar wins on sunday with a low blow into an f5...right?
2	when ice cube said bye felicia, on friday it was an inside joke .
2	stefan sabol with his 3rd hit and 3rd rbi knocks in david wright to give st.lucie a 5-2 lead.
2	have i shaken hands with the next prime minister? if it's corbyn or boris or theresa may or jeremy hunt, yes. if it's george osborne, no.
2	st.lucie mets take a 5-3 lead to the 7th inning. david wright will lead off the bottom of the inning.
2	david wright is retired in the 7th inning on a nice play up the middle, now 2-4 on the night for st.lucie.
2	&gt;&gt; david wright will make his return to the mets on monday in philly
2	david wright strikes out looking in the 8th inning with two outs and runners on 2nd and 3rd. now 2-5 on the night.
2	rehab update: david wright strikes out looking to end the 8th. mets strand go-ahead run on 3rd base. 5-5 going to the 9th. mets
2	norris was acquired from toronto in the david price deal.
2	convinced someone that ice cube wrote the song friday by rebecca black hahahaha
2	tonydungy if u supported ray rice i think he would be given a 2nd chance. real christians dont judge sins they help bring them to god
2	wwe, i'm sure you've heard that jay lethal wants to cross brands and wrestle seth rollins. that belongs on monday's raw and would be huge.
2	ryan braun hit his 252nd career hr today &amp; moved into 1st place on the brewers franchise hr list. he passed hall of famer robin yount. mlb
2	gorzelanny finishes the ab, walks schwarber. 2 on and 1 out for kris bryant in the 5th
2	latest update on josh hamilton's knee: rangers may have to make a call one way or another thursday:
2	while you may be able to kill 2 birds with one stone, chuck norris can kill 475.
2	saints420ms do you think the undertaker will defeat brock lesnar at sunday's wwe "summerslam event"?
2	if you're free friday night after the jason aldean concert text me and let me know. throwing a party.
2	wheelchair shopping tomorrow. i want one that will blare natural born killaz by ice cube when i enter a room firstworldhandicappedproblems
2	try as hard as you may, you are going to walk in the flesh at times &amp; sin. "christians at best are people, and people at best are sinners."
2	simon_kelley15 am i gonna see you in dunkin tomorrow
2	worth noting that jays loss tonight could have been a david price start but he was moved to friday to face a "better" opponent?
2	may i just say ice cube tell yo fine son i said " hayyy " lmaoooo
2	4th politics isn't about hypocrisy its about strengthening muslims with strategy according to islam and working for people welfare
2	gamestop has this deal rn where if you buy a ps3 or xbox 360, you get 5 free games and i may or may not have picked a naruto game...
2	cubs video: kris bryant 4-for-4 with 17th hr, kyle schwarber also goes deep in 15-8 loss vs. tigers; jon lester 7...
2	the undertaker must defeat brocklesnar this sunday! brock lesnar has nothing to prove, but the undertaker on the other hand..does!! wwe
2	khleo_t who you going for this sunday at summerslam? undertaker or brock lesnar?
2	wisconsin gov. scott walker will roll out his first big policy proposal tuesday in minnesota when he unveils his plan to repeal and
2	brock lesnar wo... - espn posted footage of brock lesnar manning the security gate at espn studios on tuesday.
2	standard english) this might be rendered: the reporting of big brother's order for the day in 'the times' of december 3rd 1983 is
2	i can neither confirm nor deny i may or may not be singing u2's beautiful day while working tonight
2	chameleon_x_ danywenger94 80pdc chameleon u may want to preach this to muslims as they seem to "misinterpret" too
2	candis cayne puts speculation to rest: she is just friends with caitlyn jenner 19 august 2015 by: greg...
2	curiosity may have killed the cat, but chuck norris killed everything else.
2	fortunefilmz ighalo absence raises questions about super eagles forward options: sunday oliseh threw a major c...
2	today in beatles history (march 18, 1976): paul mccartney's father, james "jim" mccartney, dies of bronchial pneumonia at the age of 73.
2	sunday oliseh: "i called mikel obi but he didn't pick up": the super eagles team list was released at the begi...
2	dickballsw0rth 4th is the one who sealed naruto
2	'wanna go to the first freshers party?' 'na i've just started watching naruto for the 7th time, email me pics'
2	now playing: ice cube `friday` by icecube - tunein - buy it
2	august 20 celebrity birthdays: rolling stone has named him the top rock and roll lead singer of all t... fashion
2	ich habe ein youtube-video positiv bewertet: sting saves randy orton from the authority: wwe raw, march 16,
2	washingtonpost desbieler there are people who like/support trump but don't want to admit it..may not be rousey though
2	i still remember like 3 years ago. zayn told harry that he was leaving the band on february 30th but he was joking and he said harry cried+
2	xguccilou may be they dont wanna hurt the fans with zayn's pic with the boys!
2	michael babatunde: super eagles midfielder expecting 1st child with wife
2	bgregory857 you may not know this but america is a majority white country, what is obama doing for christians in the middle east
2	our setup for the very 1st series of big brother when thisisdavina &amp; radioleary were in charge! throwbackthursday
2	throwback thursday to when i did a powerpoint in journalism on zayn and presented it to the class
2	i'm just sat here waiting for work to come around and jimmy's at the ice cube q+a and i've just missed an opportunity to interview kurt vile
2	samson siasia, stephen keshi and now sunday oliseh all cant be lying about mikel obi's attitude of disdain concerning super eagles
2	janet jackson opens her tour rogers arena on aug 31 spin magazine just released a sample of her latest single single
2	aviator sunglasses were invented to shield the sun from chuck norris' eyes.
2	david wright is 6 for 20 with 5 walks in five games with st. lucie. he is scheduled to be back with the mets no later than monday. lgm
2	2.) this is after both trump and scott walker call for 14th ammendment rights to be taken away from the children of immigrants
2	ashleyfnemeth she won't. they're extreme christians so they don't believe in divorce.. she just had their 4th child so she'll stay put
2	joel obi may miss out of the super eagles team to play tanzania as reports from torino say he will undergo more tests on a thigh complaint
2	ppl who've just got into kpop recently may not be aware of 1st generation idols like h.o.t n shinhwa, but they will eventually. i did.
2	redeyechicago riotfest i mean... i've seen no doubt a few times. but c'mon, it's ice cube!
2	as of august 16, roman reigns, dean ambrose and seth rollins have worked the most matches so far for the year....
2	as expected david wright is getting the night off for st. lucie tonight. steven matz is making his 2nd rehab start.
2	megoland i don't know. chuck norris may have something to say about that
2	john kasich: 'if i were king in america, i would abolish all teachers' lounges' &amp; the 1st amendment via dailykos
2	i have 2 jason aldean tickets to sell for friday night. $90 for the pair. any takers??
2	this may get less attention than rousey v. mayweather -- but 2 of 3 sets - lines the same, mcenroe v. serena....who wins? bradyandwalker
2	fri at 10p et on it's the scorpion's lair w/jay scorpion. new music from iron maiden,...
2	i am still yet to see zayn's full fledged smile with his tongue between his teeth after march :( zquadwantszayntosmile
2	conference call with special guest scott walker this saturday!! -
2	buddy you need help so when is your uncle frank ocean releasing cause hahani adele is going to take over
2	rangers have placed josh hamilton on the 15-day dl, retroactive to august 16.
2	rangers place josh hamilton on the 15-day dl retro to aug 16 with left knee inflammation. activate will venable
2	liking how tennessee williams wrote a play named 'candles in the sun' obviously wondering if frank ocean read it.
2	in case you're still calling caitlyn jenner a hero.
2	super eagles coach, sunday oliseh has revealed that chelsea midfielder, john mikel obi was left out of the 18-man...
2	wwesheamus are you ready for sunday? to beat randy orton?!??
2	scott walker &amp; team ringleader are in 1st place in overall points &amp; for most releases in the midatlantic tournament!
2	caitlyn jenner responds to reports "she" may be charged in fatal car wreak: "they don't have the balls to charge me, but i still have mine!"
2	with the super eagles coach sunday oliseh at the national stadium abuja. super eagles 1 vs football college abuja 0
2	i've been asked to inform you that this was a joke and i definitely haven't had a copy of frank ocean's album since july 15. it's not true.
2	legal news | caitlyn jenner may be charged in crash - detectives and prosectors in los angeles, are working on the...
2	left knee inflammation lands rangers' josh hamilton on the dl for 3rd time this season.
2	onedrecti0nfans what gonna happen tomorrow with zayn?
2	making plans with my friends is like ice cube trying to get another friday done.
2	that's right it is thursday night. come to boots &amp; slurs and let david price and hollie king make you favorite...
2	in case anyone else wants to read the facts about caitlyn jenner's accident.
2	mets 3b david wright should be back on monday as primary third baseman, but he won't play everyday just yet.
2	abdizou see 'boruto: naruto the movie' on the big screen 7pm oct 11th and 14th! anime
2	paul dunne has won his rd. 3 (16) match against d_oraee 3&amp;2 at the usamateur. a big qf match awaits tomorrow.
2	john kasich says if he were 'king of america' he'd ban teachers' lounges cnnpolitics may i suggest he wave goodbye to the white house?
2	town hall with gov. john kasich in west lebanon, new hampshire on wednesday, september 2 ...: john kasich in w...
2	anyone want to buy a jason aldean ticket for tomorrow night? i have two.
2	caitlyn jenner on theneeds, check it out!
2	how is frank ocean performing saturday when he still hasn't dropped his album???
2	"caitlyn jenner may face manslaughter charges in fatal crash" yeah he's real courageous alright.....
2	special programming note: tonight's episode of big brother will air at 11:35 p.m. and under the dome will air friday at 11:35 p.m.
2	uhhhh ok... so instead of frank ocean headlining saturday at fyf it's going to be kanye west wtf
2	so kanye west just replaced frank ocean as the headliner for fyf on saturday...
2	they should let ice cube son be the "new" craig in a friday movie
2	.fyffest is replacing frank ocean with kanyewest for the saturday night headliner spot.
2	whited_out you may not have frank ocean , but at least you got kanye
2	is kevin owens a deserving champion or just like seth rollins? wwe raw sunday dhammal
2	caitlyn jenner &amp; josh duggar are trending... c'mon twitter twitter you're better than this! disgustingtrends
2	when dmd mv will be released tomorrow, but then you realize it's the 1st mv without zayn. dragmedownmusicvideo
2	this may be the one time, i'm disappointed ye is performing at a show on such short notice...thanks a lot frank ocean.
2	supercard_game i have don my login for the 21st and it won't let me have my randy orton
2	theory: what if frank ocean dropped out of fyf fest to instead perform at the vhs luau dance tomorrow?
2	antigonikailidi this may yassine character claims she's heard a song from zayn's new album. she says it's good. i don't believe her tho
2	"those of us in the christian faith understand we are called to be christians in every area of life not just on sunday" - marcorubio
2	i watched all of it till the part where naruto faces the 10th demon
2	washington -- wisconsin gov. scott walker (r) unveiled his health care plan on tuesday,&amp;160;promising to do on day one of his presidency
2	expecting to see frank ocean on saturday and you get an email saying he's not coming but kanye is. okay. bittersweet
2	dont even wanna believe that frank ocean's album will drop tomorrow. cant get my hopes up just to get my feelings hurt
2	kris bryant was removed from tonight's game after fouling a ball off his foot for the 2nd straight night. cubs say its precautionary, up 7-0
2	nowplaying u2 - bullet the blue sky - new york - july 31 2015 - u2radio u2liveconcerts
2	just wait till black friday and christmas.. watch for the gucci flip flops
2	i have two jason aldean tickets on sale for saturday's concert! $30 each or $50 for both! text me or dm me if you want them!
2	watch sam smith hold up the wdym sign tomorrow.
2	lets be honest, jay z was the 1st nigga to get bodied by a singing nigga (frank ocean)
2	this is the 2nd time caitlyn jenner has committed manslaughter brucejenner
2	the evil that men do by iron maiden was no.5 in the uk charts on 20 august 1988
2	i find myself up late on thursday nights just in case frank ocean decides to do right by his people and drop this album
2	was supposed to come up with a filler piece idea before my appointment tomorrow and didn't. gonna come out looking like randy orton. skulls!
2	counting the cost of the boko haram crisis
2	africanbaze: kris and caitlyn jenner take first photo at kylie's 18th birthday bash -- see the family pics!...
2	coach sunday oliseh has assured nigerians that the super eagles is primed for the big time again, saying that he...
2	new theory: frank ocean canceling fyffest is a pr stunt. he shows up with a heartfelt speech and drops his album on saturday
2	jamie2215 not great sam smith there he is quality still be a good day i'd say, especially tomorrow if it's as sunny as it says
2	would you rather be a muslims 1st wife or 16th wife i rli just duno
2	we should have listened to zayn about the 21st of august
2	the 2nd amendment to the u.s. constitution orignally included the right of chuck norris to roundhouse kick.
2	music friday: rolling stone magazine recently named andra day one of the "10 new artists you need to know," and...
2	i haven't seen any of the sharknado movies but i'm guessing it's sort of like this.
2	for once i want rousey to destroy. ufc195 tategotscrewed
2	monday buddhist: the truth is in all the ten directions, straight is the way to nirvana. buddha
2	rondarousey it's gonna be hard enjoying christmas knowing you're facing rousey on 2nd january. yeah, good luck with that one :d
2	following trump, scott walker and ted cruz, said they support revoking 14th amendment rights for the children of immigrants.
2	rousey fighting again in january. gonna give holm the benefit of the doubt and say she may make it past a minute.
2	is it ironic that caitlyn jenner may be charged with manslaughter? or is that just a pun
2	jesnowden agreed, but rondarousey will be better prepared for that come jan 2. the real key to beating rousey is to outpoint her
2	holm isn't quite ready for rousey. but i'm with _hollyholm
2	the rousey era is over. rousey vs. holm january 2nd. _hollyholm is just that much better. ufc
2	rousey gon get schooled by the preachers kid, ya diggggg???
2	libertines lp slips back a week - sept 11 now. was originally same week as iron maiden (who would've trounced it) now duran &amp; stereophonics.
2	all home based players have been released from the super eagles camp for this weekend npfl games. they are expected to resume on monday
2	spending all my money at the gucci store in december
2	having a cinema day tomorrow to watch inside out and paper towns
2	i can see a masked kane returning to cost taker the match
2	people of cape town! organic gardening workshop by the muslims for eco-justice! this saturday, al-azhar masjid.
2	icymi: rangers notes from thursday, leading with josh hamilton to the dl.
2	awwww...i miss the 1st batch of big brother when i saw nene...my god its been all ages already! pbb10years
2	interesting. betonline just opened rousey -1250 vs. holm, almost identical odds to those set for 3rd tate bout. expect different take at 5d.
2	chuck norris of the prairie: certain plants may keep unwanted plants from invading restored areas. via helzerprairie
2	there will be no poker at the prince george until further notice. we will be looking for friday, saturday and sunday venues.
2	angelamagana1 you may be accurate there but rousey's next fight is just too early , holm needs more fights before getting walked on
2	practice today at kane, players be there 2:45 make sure everyone's there, review for scrimmage on saturday !
2	who's down to go to vegas for the rousey vs. holm fight in january?
2	i'm on board with this. feel bad for miesha tate, but looking at rousey's dominance, the opponent doesn't matter.
2	beauty makeup tv ratings thursday: 'big brother' up, 'beauty and the beast' down, 'under the ... - tvbythenumber...
2	august 21st is such an emotional day forme, drive was put onspotify, dmd videoreleased, christians cover and i might be going to url tonight
2	i'm really just wondering if this would've happened if zayn was still in the group
2	i walked into dunkin donuts in an eagles shirt and the guy said "you have a game tomorrow" and i said "what" and then i said...
2	go watch ice cube's music video for "it was a good day" and you will see "stanley" from friday playing basketball with cube lol
2	heymanhustle may i break the internet and ask what you opinion of the hulk hogan "controversy" is? there's no wrong answer. i'm curious.
2	ima dog just like gucci said , marry to the money ima newly wed
2	rousey to fight former boxer - mixed martial arts star ronda rousey said friday she will face female boxer holly h...
2	bdf522 no way she makes it past the 1st rd. she has had a rough transition to mma she is in no way near prepared for rousey
2	however, i may or may not have shed a tear since it was the first video without zayn dragmedownmusicvideo onedirection
2	simonhead rousey will just take her down and submit her. she may have to take a few punches to achieve this.
2	can i just go to the jason aldean concert sunday???
2	all request friday... dedicate to rizzo2_0... her fav tuksfm1072 tune... iron maiden, fear of the dark... queen of darkside always
2	oh hell no oh hell no dude you want to drive ice cube do the drive by on me hold on don'tdoi got this coming wed icegov djnina9 you onit
2	danawhite is it true that you weren't 1st to tell miesha she wasn't getting the rousey fight? understand why you went with holly but c'mon
2	remember in straight outta compton when ice cube was writing friday? now you can own his hat!
2	1st video without zayn...we have to break the record and show others that 1d is stronger as 4 nd not a flop ! dragmedownmusicvideoisout
2	may 31st the angels faced david price on snb as a member of the tigers. he walked 4 batters. only 1 run scored off it.
2	next wed our online book club is chatting john green's paper towns! join the facebook event to chat! momsreading
2	michaelgbaron do you think david wright will play on monday? in the starting lineup?
2	october and the trees are stripped bare of all they wear what do i care? october and kingdoms rise and kingdoms fall but you go on and on u2
2	arielhelwani counting holms, this will be the 3rd opponent in a row that has a 9-0 record before fighting rousey. ufc
2	15 feminine stars who may make a just right boyfriend | oh! kpop stars celebrity news and gossip!
2	tomorrow! scott walker essentially said black lives don't matter. not joking, just saying. edweekly 7 thepitnyc
2	rousey calls the jan. 2 fight "my biggest challenge to date." she's not worried about losing, though: "i can take...
2	scott walker: need to secure the border, enforce laws before talking about birthright citizenship via washtimes
2	rousey's next fight is january 2nd so i guess i better reserve 30 seconds of my time on that day to watch it.
2	moto g 3rd gen vs. xiaomi mi 4i: your pick? moto g 3rd gen. 68% of voters agree with me.
2	scott walker is too brave to have an opinion on the 14th amendment.
2	the plan for david wright is to play tonight and tomorrow for st. lucie, have sunday off, and join the mets on monday.
2	david wright should play tonight and tomorrow with st. lucie. wright will be off on sunday. he will rejoin the mets on monday.
2	id rather watch sharknado on repeat all day than have to get up at 5 tomorrow (:
2	jksmth tell him that you'll meet at ryan braun's loft next saturday, since you know where that is already.
2	rt scott walker isn't thrilling the home-state crowd: gov. scott walker may lead the r...
2	20+ years ago tonight, i was on the last bus after nirvana's 1st dublin gig. here's a radio essay about it, 9.09 in
2	i could wait for the big dq leading to the huge six man tag match - aw, c'mon kane let me finish the damn tweet first raw
2	i might have forgotten that i'm going to see foo fighters on monday
2	rondy rousey's next opponent will be holly holm on jan 2. will she at least last longer than rousey's last 3 victims?
2	i really hope the wwe are working on a "hall of fame" style bust for seth rollins for monday. wwerollins sethrollinsisthecure
2	jtoverath rockpapershot watch out for george osborne and theresa may in the next episodes.
2	tpcourier "last friday", where ice cube had to recreate the last supper perfectly to raise money, or be crucified by the drug dealer.
2	kane wanted to let you all know that friday is finally here!
2	ok, looks like i can't stream till later. gf wants to watch naruto again so i can't use my 2nd monitor. will stream when she is done.
2	david wright with a line drive single in his 2nd at bat tonight. would come around to score on rbi single by amed rosario.
2	i visited zayn's twitter and i saw " 21st of august watch it out girls :)" and suddenly gone and it return to his first tweet wtf
2	eveldick which 3rd place big brother contestant deserved to win their respective season the most?
2	i bet frank ocean ain't even recorded an album. just sat at home with netflix n chill laughin at us
2	bluejays david price, 1.61 era in 3 august starts, has recorded a sub-3.00 era in each of the last 4 months (dating back to may) aceofjays
2	john waters recently pondered why we can't make fun of caitlyn jenner. i wonder the same. all's fair on halloween!
2	who is the better 3rd basemen in the league? retweet for david wright fav for nolan arenado mets rockies
2	absolute must-read. where the kane investigation stands &amp; what could happen going forward. blackhawks patrickkane
2	galerroy ginorisoli yair_rosenberg excatly: jews had a 2nd-class status, the same as christians. were "dhimmi" in muslim countries.
2	david wright 3-4 with a run scored for st. lucie tonight. they are trailing 3-2 in the 8th inning.
2	michaelrhea timoverlin i got the public sector, and the muslims may refuse to do a gay wedding too, yet no one has asked them
2	david wright went 3-for-4 and played full game at third base for st. lucie tonight. due to be activated monday.
2	adamrubinespn front row shot of david wright on wednesday night in st.lucie. keep up the excellent work, sir!
2	david wright played the full nine innings at 3b for st. lucie today. he went 3-for-4 with a run scored. he is expected to return monday.
2	hellojapan1 chris81203 tp_grant i wouldn't be that harsh. she may exploit holes in rousey's standup game. ...maybe.
2	really? i like holly holm but is she ready for rousey? thoughts?
2	paul mccartney coming to the acc oct 17. going
2	the halos counter with a lineup that's hit .252 in 103 career ab's vs. bluejays southpaw, david price. in the 7th spot, ianetta is 6/18.
2	chaensaw jsdtweets also, i want to exploit this convo and say that i'll be writing about u2's catalog for thesolute in september/october.
2	soo apparently i've been dared by silvana76429890 to not talk about the boys or zayn for a whole day tomorrow i can't even rt them or anyth
2	you do know the term "bye felicia" was made by ice cube in the movie friday and not some bullshit vine right?
2	what los did on that 2nd verse of 'gucci gucci' still makes me rewind the track just to rewind it back.
2	selling two pavilion tickets to jason aldean this sunday. $75 for one or $120 for both hmu if you're interested
2	dkeiser9 itscheriguyss the foo fighters concert is on tuesday so i doubt we will even be back by 10 o'clock. i might not see you at all
2	when you turn on the game and your up 3 with david price on the mount in the bottom of the 1st, you start thinking of other things to do lol
2	watch david wright return and be david wright ... "there's a chance he may never be the same player" ... no way! ... also, a chance he is.
2	theblacktaco13 i'll get to see rousey with you in jan!
2	left my niggas house paid , picked up a girl been tryna fuck since the 12th grade - ice cube
2	what gameplay do yall want to see tomorrow? smash, naruto, dbx, yugioh?
2	guys vevo may not be updating, bad blood took 3 months to get 3m likes, we could've broken the record. keep refreshing dragmedownmusicvideo
2	if david price put up similar production over next 7 years that he has over 1st 7+ seasons, is he a hall of fame pitcher?
2	the two minor leaguers masquerading as angels in the 8th/9th spots in their lineup have been horribly overmatched vs bluejays david price
2	- may question. well, it is quite simple when looking at recent situations and conversations naruto had partook a while ago. he was simply-
2	"planned parenthood subject of nationwide protest on saturday" // if christians should ever protest, now is the time.
2	blue jays beating the angels 5-1 in the 6th. let's go david price.
2	on this day in august 20, 2012~ raw: kane &amp; zack ryder vs. daniel bryan &amp; the miz
2	june 28th was the last time david price threw less than 100 pitches in a game price bluejays
2	lol kole calhoun bat flip down 6 to david price in the 8th. wear the next one*, punk. (* not really)
2	christian &amp; kane are ready on the boom lounge at the skillswestexpo you may even catch the mkr girls around, say hi
2	did david price come out for the 9th as a righty? price lowe bluejays
2	ice cube raw asf i never knew he's the creator of friday and boyz n the hood.. goat
2	tv show ratings: mr robinson bows out steady with its finale on wednesday: big brother drops from i... festivals
2	{big if and chuck norris only knows it } " assuming if you have an idea tomorrow is going to be an up day "
2	summerslam results: john cena wins his 16th world championship. following night: loses the u.s. title due to a distraction from seth rollins
2	last monday on raw, brock lesnar was beaten up by the undertaker.
2	"in the pines,in the pines,where the sun don't ever shine,i would shiver the whole night through."-where did you sleep last night - nirvana
2	konohashokage *he sighs and gets on his knees and hugs him and his starts to tear up* naruto... c'mon! i know you can beat this! you can't+
2	remember when ice cube commented on the length of the friday script in straight outta compton?
2	rocky 1st sets tone as santiago, angels fall to price: --david price shut down the angel...
2	y'all may make fun of are we there yet? but ice cube made that movie for his younger fans aka me mofucka cubehive
2	may as well pay your t.v licence direct to george osborne as the b.b.c. seems to be an extension of the tory party's manifesto...
2	i wonder how may twitter atheists have been converted by christians. and vice versa. give it a rest ffs.
2	super eagles, dream team coaches to work together: sunday oliseh and samson siasia met at the office of the ge...
2	gucci host yourself thought february go ahead the set of two your minute sympathy procurement into diplomat support
2	the mu`tazila school of islamic theology based on reason &amp; rationality of the 10th-11th centuries is now considered heretical by muslims
2	david price and josh donaldson lead blue jays' in 9-2 victory over the los angeles angels on friday night. mlb
2	comment passed by reelmolesworth to the effect that matron is a dead ringer for caitlyn jenner. he may have a point.
2	david price shut down the angels for eight innings on friday night, holding them to two runs on six hits and...
2	super eagles' head coach, sunday oliseh has made some adjustments to the group of home -based professionals as...
2	what's going on saturday? (u2, yumi zouma, detroit cobras, wolf eyes, government issue, andrew ja...
2	louisemensch please tell me you're going in celebrity big brother on thursday.
2	come buy a rolling stone from 1971 concerts for bangladesh 1 august 1971, organised by the one &amp; only georgeharrison
2	iam_stonewall i'm sure it's going to be sting. expecting a brothers of destruction reunion too sunday with kane helping taker in his match.
2	why does everyone make such a big deal out of randy orton's lineage, when there are many 2nd generation wrestlers...
2	sonarfm smells like teen spirit - nirvana, black old sun- soundgarden, call me dog - temple of the dog...
2	happy for wilson getting b'mouth 1st&amp;2nd goals... saw him working hard vs mufc. but, sad that adebayor no10 is now with kane. nigeriainfofm
2	is anyone not going to zac brown band tomorrow
2	anyone want to go to foo fighters - sat 5 sep - milton keynes?
2	winslowhorne broach93 1. agree, that dude is fast. 2. wat. 3. friday's. 4. should've sold kane when he was worth anything
2	lewduchihime naruto sat back down behind his desk and waited for the two of them to arrive.
2	pochettino should have started alli. he'll probably do a kane and keep him on the bench till november. might be too late for him this term
2	beamiller so bea what do you want from dunkin donuts tomorrow?
2	floyd mayweather was at caesars palace in las vegas on saturday night to unveil a portrait of himself after receiving the fighter of the
2	kane really missed eriksen today. hardly got a sniff. still did very well in the 2nd half. definitely needs someone to support him
2	true. true. very true. false. go out and get some attacking help before you run kane into the ground. coys
2	anyone here interested in a sam smith ticket? my friend apparently cannot make it to the rescheduled show on november 21. :(
2	jerrytravone travone who do you think will win this sunday undertaker or brock lesnar
2	cory_henry message from argentina: if u don`t come w/snarky in november, we`ll have 2 make a video begging like the foo fighters fans did.
2	saturday links: teen president edition: plus one direction's first music video without zayn, stream the new be...
2	apparently floyd mayweather has a net worth is $400 million, pacquiao has a net of $190 million. shows the difference between 1st and 2nd.
2	david wright will make what should be his last rehab appearance with st. lucie tonight before joining the mets on monday.
2	no pace or creativity,defenders know how to play against kane and lloris has saved us too many times, 3rd week in a row with only 1 cf thfc
2	when i was 7, the only thing looked forward to was saturday nights so i could watch naruto on toonami
2	foo fighters in october, shinedown in november, jaguars in december, and razorbacks in between. are you ready bethanymadams ?
2	reynalagas_ i can already see it now "my dad is driving down 11th yelling 'free gucci!' omg"
2	the foo fighters convinced me i should mop my entire house. taking bets on whether or not my back &amp; hip will agree with them tomorrow...
2	casually drops this in memory of zayn since the 1st mv w/o him dropped yesterday dragmedownmusicvideo
2	deals to acquire david price, troy tulowitzki &amp; ben revere at the trade deadline have helped spark the bluejays 17-4 surge since july 29.
2	gov. scott walker may lead the republican primary field in his home state of wisconsin, but local voters are not very enthusiastic about
2	following his defeat to the undertaker tomorrow night, brock lesnar will travel to old trafford on monday for a medical itk
2	summerslam tomorrow night can the undertaker finally beat brock lesnar?
2	thinking i should go to the foo fighters concert tonight. couldn't see them this past wednesday. what to do
2	you must be at kevi kay and gucci's august 29th session, you snooze you loose
2	when you feel like zayn is going to follow you soon and end of the day you're like well maybe tomorrow
2	shem_thfc we need a 2nd str target-man too. to lead when kane is out. or to play kane as a 10 with him. i see a deadline day austin bid.
2	what's going on with frank ocean?
2	gary302 agreed. pay 30mill for kane now or watch him bag 20+ and pay 50 mill in jan ? the other 2 are going nowhere.
2	watch royalblooduk's interview with lux1057 from backstage at the foo fighters show on wednesday night --&gt;
2	i might go see foo fighters monday. just got to get acquainted with their songs except for the mainstream ines
2	i had a dream last night frank ocean said november. maybe this is it. campfloggnaw
2	this sunday john cena is going to march in that ring, fucking destroy seth rollins and walk out with the wwe world heavyweight championship
2	favourite this tweet if you want seth rollins to wins or retweet if you want john cena to win tomorrow nigh on summerslam. follow for cena.
2	lucas duda said he will get a second opinion in california on monday with doctor robert watkins, who treated david wright's stenosis.
2	xkingmoex wwetownbackup. guys who do u think will be the entrance revealed monday? i think monday wil be randy orton
2	basicallypayne_ real_liam_payne ok... first thing first.. u gotta know the statement wasn't made by zayn but management and the sun
2	kris bryant hits a two-out, two-run double in the 5th, to get the cubs within 2, 7-5.
2	so caitlyn jenner may be charged with manslaughter. bruce you sly bastard you found a way into a female correctional facility! myhero
2	rehab update: david wright flies out to rf again in the 3rd. mets
2	as u2 plays here, they are also preparing for experiment w/ an 8th official called a "u2" tonight, or 2nd umpire. stands offensive backfield
2	whouthinkuriam kane? and aguero was surely better than hazard maybe he gets 1st since he won the title
2	musicnews_shade then again, is not really fair to compare to just katy perry. she is the 3rd most awarded artist so it fits to anyone else
2	yo free coffee tomorrow from dunkin if the birds win right
2	it's saturday night !! what u2 album are you listening too ?
2	yungtracfone to you i guess .... naruto has the 4th hokage jutsu and even furthered it rather then perfected.
2	rehab update: jhoan urena replaces david wright at 3b in the bottom of the 7th.
2	adamrubinespn do you think david wright will be in the starting lineup on monday? thinking of road tripping it to philly!
2	david wright went 0-for-4 with an rbi in 6 innings at 3b tonight. this was likely his final rehab game before joining the mets on monday.
2	i tell you what the rko that randy orton drops tomorrow night better be the sickest thing since wrestlemania
2	false. david wright was 1, granderson is still 2 sorry he's not a 15m pp, 3 cuddyer 22m &amp; 1st rnd pk,4 cy,5 ff
2	was he tired? will he going to recant tomorrow? mt scottwalker: "scott walker has message for hillaryclinton: i'm not scared" walker16
2	hannahgeorge_ you better safe that chicago style popcorn for big brother on sunday
2	may or may not be obsessed with ice cube after watching straight outta compton....
2	when ice cube says yeeeeeah in the first 5 mins of friday when he sees the cereal is classic.
2	i see that hulk hogan is not sat with the nwo nxttakeover
2	you know you gucci &amp; lauryn hill &amp; a bunch of other ppl are here on september 12
2	on sunday, brock lesnar will have lived the dream of competing in a nyc-based ppv, which he wouldn't have done had he returned to the ufc.
2	jesus sends part 2 tomorrow as we finish gospel of matthew. making disciples and not just christians. c you newjourney_ms at 9 or 10:46.
2	i don't even be thinking ice cube the same dude from boys n the hood, friday, are we there yet, 21 jump street. thats not the same person
2	planetmoney are you sure of the bets which one can make in vegas? e.g. gatorade, katy perry. i think those may only be available offshore.
2	living on tomorrow &amp; yesterday can steal your joy &amp; the fulfillment of today. both are days in which christians should refuse to live.
2	i liked a youtube video u2, mick jagger, fergie - "gimmer shelter" at the rock and roll hall of fame 25th
2	just heard that caitlyn jenner may be charged with manslaughter after being involved in a fata... via sickipedia
2	there's a 50/50 % chance that caitlyn jenner may be charged with manslaughter i should think so as well after what she did to poor bruce
2	heysarah_xo syco/columbia have ot5 signed for 5 albums and a greatest hits. that means zayn has to work on the 5th album or else he breaks+
2	jgoldlabel doubt it. rumor has it kane may attack lesnae because lesnar "put him out" sting shows up sets up taker vs sting mania 32
2	abreu just missed an opposite field homer. got a fastball up and the white sox in prime position to take the lead in the 10th.
2	i have one ticket for jason aldean tomorrow. $20 and it's yours.
2	"and that's 3 runs on 1 hit here in the 10th for the white sox.....". mariners
2	mariners fall 6-3 to white sox in 10th in game they led 3-1 into ninth farquhar takes the loss, smith the blown save. another tough pen day.
2	the white sox are now 11-3 in extras this season, and they've got a chance to make it a winning road trip tomorrow.
2	jefffletcherocr the same scioscia who called for a pitch out on a 2-2 count with 1 out vs. white sox on thursday?
2	the white sox really are in no-man's land. 4.5 games back in the 2nd wild card 1.5 games from a protected 1st rd pick
2	adamrubinespn what do the mets realistically expect from david wright the rest of the season once he returns to the lineup monday?
2	olive_liver not the right place but jews and israel are not the same, also isis and arabs and muslims, may be one day you will know
2	im watching the katy perry movie.. on a saturday night lol what does that make me?
2	chuck norris cut off his left nut and donated it to science. you may know it as jupiter.
2	msrebeccablack do you think brock lesnar will beat undertaker at summer slam on sunday
2	nirvana cover season in the sun beeges..marigold cover tenda biru dessy ratnasari cc marko vandalisme koma iwan...
2	xpress947 applying sun tan lotion in a cave with katy perry? my wife will make sure i never listen to 94.7 again, lol samwelch24
2	what is nippu? is it an ideology? a form of dissension? or a pathway to nirvana? i must admit that they may be all three...
2	rumor is, john cena is fighting in the wwe super slam, this sunday night, just $49.95
2	david wright went 0-for-4 with an rbi saturday for class a advanced st. lucie, in what mets officials have...
2	imma dog just like gucci said, married to the money i'm a newly wed
2	buhari took the right decision by telling the military to end the boko haram insurgency by november-obj govayofayose kfayemi tundefashola
2	white sox score 3 runs in 10th to move past mariners 6-3: tyler saladino walked to open the 10th against danny...
2	sebroche rocking some u2 at the saturday night special minncon
2	caitlyn jenner and her son brody had some kind words to say about one another as the hills star celebrated his 32nd birthday on friday.
2	former be man gives gov. scott walker a gift - last week tuesday, engesser met up with republican presidential can...
2	guy at bar played that hero foo fighters song on the jukebox and then sat at the bar and air drummed the whole thing
2	am i the only one thinking that kpop used to be so fun back then? i mean the 2nd generation was the best.
2	kanechoa hi, kane. we're sorry for the inconvenience. may we please have your ticket number and e-mail address via dm? thank you.
2	aussie share market set to open 2 pct lower monday - "shake it off" says amp economist? more like "bad blood" taylorswift fx auspol
2	mank56 tottenhamfc93 sturner2011 if we get pace into the side and support kane more then things may turn out ok
2	on the sunday rock show we have the first broadcast on (ayr hospital) radio of the new iron maiden single! 5pm. live
2	white sox use big 10th inning for 6-3 win over mariners: the chicago white sox scored two runs in the... chicago
2	bleach is strangely in the top 10 for most faved anime above both naruto series by a fair bit, but the manga is 3rd, 10k behind naruto at 1
2	hollywire tv wtf wednesday talking about zayn's twitter feud is quite relevant
2	you know it's too early to be awake on a sunday when reg pulls away from dunkin drive through without getting the food
2	vidal nuno pitched 6 2/3 innings of one-run ball in a no-decision versus the white sox on saturday. mariners mlb
2	mattyd1984 yeah would be. think kane will retire soon, so that may happen with those two. still got 8 months till mania so we'll see.
2	wilt chamberlain claims to have slept with more than 20,000 women in his lifetime. chuck norris calls this "a slow tuesday."
2	sometimes i forget zayn left one direction, and then when the realisation hits and it's 25th march all over again
2	capitalmusical mtv uk : mtvuk: mtvfestivalseason: kasabian, olly murs &amp; sam smith make v's 20th birthday o...
2	i have one spare ticket for foo fighters at milton keynes on saturday september 5th. please can someone buy it. i am poor.
2	since my bro broke his arm he has choice of sunday film so now we're watching sharknado, sounds class
2	he's tired, will recant on tues mt johnfugelsang: scott walker just told stephanopolous that obamacare had $1 trillion in tax increases.
2	i come through the drive through at dunkin just about every sunday and it's been two weeks since my regular doughnut girl has been there.
2	david wright is playing baseball tomorrow for the first place new york mets
2	i almost bought a john cena lunch box on tuesday, idk if i should buy it
2	are you confused about scott walker's position on the 14th amendment? so is he.
2	how yall feel about the gucci foams that are dropping sept 4th
2	john cena about to take time from espn's riveting golf discussion! c'mon espn wrestling is fake! talk about golf more it's the real!
2	meet the press if its sunday;"its chuck gets screwed by carly fiorina"
2	white sox eager to keep offense clicking: entering saturday's 6-3 victory over the mariners, the white sox off...
2	going to see the foo fighters tuesday if anyone wants to come!
2	usain bolt lookin' like he running like that one kid in school who was a little -too- into naruto.
2	its important we build relationships with non-christians and with christians outside of sunday morning worship. normal
2	albums you may have missed: x factor, iron maiden
2	julia's asleep on my shoulder, trying to waker her up with the scott walker &amp; sun o))) album with little success.
2	i snuck up behind my brother and yelled john cena, scaring him. then sat down and said, "i guess you could say you didn't see me."
2	hostile_derek 2ndcityhockey i don't know enough to say for sure, but he may make us not miss saad (if kane isn't in prison)
2	thfc53 lol. does he seem like a poch type of player? or one that would fit in our wage structure? or play 2nd fiddle to kane? no.
2	scott walker looks indecisive towards his stance on the 14th amendment. ucretst1
2	.youngman44 i'm going to start an account where i tweet every direct and indirect u2 reference you preach. i'll post 1-2 times every sun
2	never break the 11th comandment of the beast brock lesnar thy shall not intentionally provoke the beast
2	icymi: the m's released fernando rodney saturday night after a 6-3 loss to the white sox.
2	you may have a new hair cut. you may have chandeliers you dress sense but george osborne you are still a shit house
2	why am i not going to the foo fighters concert tomorrow
2	is scott walker still undecided on birthright citizenship or did he take some time on saturday to really think it over?
2	bryce harper just threw out ryan braun at 2nd base from the track in right. played ball off wall perfectly then used that 80 arm to get him.
2	republican presidential hopeful scott walker spent the saturday afternoon touring central alabama.
2	tmz reports that seth rollins caught a ride to a local restaurant in an unmarked cop car saturday evening when he...
2	republican presidential candidate and wisconsin gov. scott walker declared on sunday that he was not...
2	i am cait: why caitlyn jenner's low ratings aren't all bad news: though e! may have had high hopes for the i am cait, which documents...
2	boko haram have strengthened their ties with islamic state group. may god keep us in this country
2	next saturday night in san diego, no 5 mountain pointe 1-0 plays the bakersfield drillers who`s most recognized alum was hof frank gifford
2	why don't ot4 stans ever remember zayn's interview with the sun
2	silly will just frank ocean us with that tomorrow story matter
2	dj indie news katy perry, taylor swift - taylor swift may have dissed katy perry in her track, "bad blood," but it...
2	danwootton and march is a funny month considering that will be the year anniversary since zayn left
2	:"scott walker 14th amendment days after saying he wanted to end birthright citizenship, the wisconsin governor says he doesn't." flip-flop
2	bandres3000 kris bryant just hit his 2nd homer
2	kris bryant quickly goes 0-2, works the count full, then hits hits 2nd home run of the day to dead center. bryantforroy
2	sunday frustrated sunday! sung in the manner of u2. hello hello! u2 yeahyeahyeah
2	the sun has been trying to push this whole "end of 1d" mantra since zayn left so they can get credit for being the first to say it
2	s-line news katy perry, taylor swift - taylor swift may have dissed katy perry in her track, "bad blood," but it a...
2	tomorrow at school: "why did zayn and perrie break up?" "is sophiam engaged?" "did you guys break the record?" me:
2	zayn's departure marked the beginning of the end... rip youwillbemissed 1d
2	wouldnt 1d have posted a facebook statement first like what they did with zayn? this is big news and it's just being reported by the sun
2	it was nice of onedirection to break this news on a sunday and not while i'm sitting at work like they did with zayn. that was rude.
2	i'm surprised it took this long after zayn left for this to happen.
2	if seth rollins may turns a babyface tonight on summerslam , so randy might defeat sheamus, then later, he will cash in on seth rollins...
2	ljpzayn i just don't believe the sun bc louis and zayn said not to so i'm not believing anything until they confirm it
2	i really hope david wright doesn't kill the mets flow when he comes back tomorrow. i think we're doing great without him
2	white sox have gone down in order following alexei ramirez rbi single in the 2nd.
2	scott walker is not in favor, not now, of failing to not follow or never not violate the 14th amendment. why can't you understand this?
2	i wanted him on the blackhawks so much. instead, the blue line has no depth. kruger is unsigned. kane may not play..
2	jerrydcurry a lot of times the 2nd day after a workout is when i'm the sorest. just a little delayed onset muscle soreness you gucci
2	signs of nirvana may be a pressure in your forehead just above your eyes , this may indicate the opening of your third eye ( ajna chakra)
2	atomic_moog nick_elt djc8008 swapping kane for giroud week 4. hazard is a waste of coin as well so he may go next &amp; bring in yaya or kun
2	may i please be special guest monday night wall or smackdown may i please meet john cena and nikki bella you yeah burge
2	david wright will start for the new york mets on monday sinow
2	funny how people believe the sun when it's about zayn, though, isn't it lol f u
2	kathielgifford's inspiring explanation of the party--not funeral--they held to celebrate frank gifford's life.
2	america. where the christians will enjoy memorial day off of work but will go to the office for good friday. becausepriorities
2	going to see mark_mcgrath and the under the sun tour tonight. hoping mark doesn't bring a sharknado with him
2	kelly looks to keep rolling in series opener vs. white sox - monday's series opener between the red sox and white ...
2	nadene_sewellxx i know what you mean my bday was on the 17th zayn left on the 25
2	1st match of the night its randy orton vs sheamus summerslam
2	randy orton and sheamus wrestling for the 12th time in 3 years. hopefully make it a 12th mediocre match in a row.
2	didn't randy orton defeated sheamus last time they were on a ppv? if so, then sheamus may pull the victory. summerslam
2	taijuan walker improved to 9-7 in sunday's win over the white sox, though he also surrendered five runs on seven hits over 5 2/3 innings.
2	i have my agent carter t shirt and my jan earrings. the concession stand guy said stay till the end. as prepared for ant-man as i can be?
2	first day of school tomorrow! oh yeah it's also game week...position meetings/walk-thrus from 7:45-8:15am. time to get gucci with it.
2	david wright expected to return to the mets tomorrow. wright has been out since late-april with hamstring and...
2	aharryuser paulstanworth either way its probably true rmbr when the sun said zayn was leaving and we laughed and then zayn left
2	i never expect too much. expect too much and you may be disappointed. this is referring to this frank ocean release. just chill n' wait guys
2	just tryna figure out if the whole bye felicia thing came from that and ice cube decided it would be good in friday
2	i may be one of those people who will loath john cena the wrestler, but i will always respect john cena the man. makeawish
2	because of you nfl i'm going to have to watch big brother tomorrow.
2	any one want two jason aldean tickets for september 11th? text or dm me
2	u2 man lets see how they open things in the morning thata when it really counts
2	will john cena tie ric flair tonight by winning his 16th world title? summerslam
2	surely they didn't make john cena a 15x champion shirt just so he could win a 16th.
2	is that seth rollins, or the 4th member of new day? wwe titlefortitle summerslam
2	seth rollins...white power ranger or 6th member of backstreet boys in i want it that way video
2	title for title match, winner take all, will it be seth rollins or will john cena become 16th time world champ &amp; tie ric flair?! summerslam
2	seth rollins looks like the typical emo kid that shops at pac sun summerslam
2	seth rollins coming out here looking like the unmasked 6th power ranger. summerslam
2	seth rollins looks pretty strong in this match to say he has no help! he may win this clean! who am i kidding... cenawinslol summerslam
2	carly fiorina said in an interview saturday that she and other female candidates for office owe hillary...
2	john cena may be the only man alive who still rocks cargo shorts. titlefortitle summerslam
2	seth rollins just out there stealing all of finn balor's moves. what's next, a bloody sunday?
2	seth rollins looking like the 4th member of the new day. i wonder what wwebige xavierwoodsphd truekofi newdayrocks summerslam
2	summerslam titlefortitle seth rollins suit may be white and gold or is it blue and black. get it?
2	i'm pretty sure seth rollins is heading out to a saturday night fever themed party after the match summerslam
2	ric flair = beloved legend. john cena = hated by pure wrestling fans. even if he wins the 16th title.they won't be equal ever! summerslam
2	internet wrestling community nearly had a heart attack at the idea of john cena winning 16th title with the figure four. summerslam
2	aaronbarry_1 the games over so flip it over to sunday night raw to see the undertaker take on john cena
2	john stewart, assists seth rollins for the win over cena in an angle that will be poorly executed this monday night on raw summerslam
2	i'm calling it, seth rollins loses the us championship tomorrow night on monday night raw.
2	either a sheamus cash in tomorrow or seth rollins should give someone the u.s title summerslam
2	maybe john cena will win the two titles at raw tomorrow?
2	so, seth rollins wins the u.s. title just to vacate it tomorrow? summerslam
2	oct 3rd, network will show a live msg card with brock lesnar in the main event.
2	wwecreative_ish brock lesnar live from madison square garden sounds like it could just be a live feed of him sat on a chair for 3 hours
2	just when i think i may be done with wrestling, john stewart screws john cena.
2	"you bought it! i didn't leave the daily show! this was all to fool you sheep &amp; screw john cena!" - jon stewart on raw tomorrow summerslam
2	rematch john cena vs seth rollin title for title part 2 tomorrow on raw wwe book it
2	david wright hits singles. enough of the hoopla, he didn't exactly prove mlb ready for tomorrow...mets
2	kane may interfere though. i'm calling it. this will not be a clean match. wwesummerslam
2	undertaker vs brock lesnar...i believe that lesnar 4 the 1st time n 2/3 years he will have his 1st loss by the man he beat at wrestlemania
2	jjphyall realbenreid i wouldn't be surprised with kane with sting possibly tomorrow
2	alex_haynes5 gucci bc we're (don't know who else tbh) going sunday
2	there's the 1st and 2nd suplex of the match! brock lesnar just screamed "suplex city bitch!" summerslam
2	brock lesnar going for a 2nd f-5 but no! undertaker at two!
2	may have something to do with big brother
2	i'm gonna try dunkin donuts tomorrow for the first time what should i get ? devin_gordon10 the_bomb_digz
2	controversial as it may be, undertaker got his victory over brock lesnar. interested to see what comes of this. brockvstaker summerslam
2	john cena may not be able to beat seth rollins but at least he can stop a boulder and saved scooby doo rekt
2	frank ocean idk how im going to make it through tomorrow so pls drop the album
2	john cena's excuse tomorrow on raw will be john stewart cost me the title.
2	in june of '93, "that's the way love goes" by janet jackson was the 1 song on the billboard. that same month, aaron nola was born phillies
2	now officially brock lesnar 1st lost being pinned or submitted since his defeat against the game triple h at wrestlemania 29, 2.5 years!!
2	the undertaker defeated brock lesnar via submission at sunday night's wwe summerslam event; however, the...
2	wwesheamus tomorrow night on raw cash in your money in the bank contract and challenge seth rollins to end his 154th day as wwe champion
2	there is one thing i know after john cena's loss at summerslam. someone may wanna check on vince. i think he might be dying.
2	i hope jon stewart cuts a heel promo tomorrow night calling john cena the arby's of wrestling.
2	the announcement tomorrow, the rise of the john cena vids? its all practically in our faces
2	i'm pullin a john cena on some random kid in the hall tomorrow
2	brock lesnar's return to msg to air live on the wwe network: it was announced on sunday night during summersla...
2	monday on csn: white sox return home for series with red sox -
2	i may be in the minority, but i never could get into frank ocean's music!
2	wweisrollins i know it's just your opinion but without stewart wwerollins may never have won the match and john cena would've made history
2	olgatsami12 cyprustweets sister, if you really want to understand islam, you have to read its 1st source:
2	pray for a better day tomorrow. maybe we will wake up and obama and extremist muslims will be gone! ccot tcot
2	really wanted dean ambrose to join the wyatt family tonight.i will explain in my new weekly column tomorrow. "if my last name was mcmahon"
2	dunkin is definitely the move tomorrow morning
2	got an 8am tomorrow, solid. i'm done at 9:50 tomorrow though so it's gucci
2	super junior to hold special 10th anniversary match with fans | oh! kpop stars celebrity news...
2	boko haram attacks the chief of army staff in the thick of the battle ground? this will help in the fight him from this 1st hand experience
2	i got a solo dm with zayn in july- i missed him in la in august- he follows me 2 days later- he unrted my art- my account is gone. wonderful
2	mlb news: david wright returning to new york mets on monday to face philadelphia phillies: much to the dismay ...
2	last friday night x katy perry just came on. it's lit.
2	davemeasures true, but i don't think kane wants to leave. he's young and living the dream. why would he go to united, to come 4th not 5th?
2	freemindco sgrfoods123 dna if you go to sunday church service in bethlehem, you will see christians praying to allah
2	testing out the moto g (3rd gen). motorola hellomoto
2	fans were in for quite the surprise at the fyf festival in la on saturday. after frank ocean c... hollywooddivas
2	come on kane, i have put you on my squad for 3 gameweek. hahahah. and i will give you 4th,and 5th chance to prove.
2	mon show! live from the clock at the clocktower til 10:49! stop by for chance to win foo fighters tix &amp; new music from disturbed &amp; pop evil!
2	chawk1003 foo fighters counterprotested the westboro baptist idiots before their concert in kc friday night. genius
2	denver -- first pitch: after a 131-day absence, captain david wright returns to the starting lineup on monday ...
2	odurochan i'm waiting for monday. even the john cena match was flawed
2	"i think it was the 15th anniversary of raw, i was walking down the hallway, and hulk hogan was walking..."
2	miamivice95 ...trying to do the same, but u2 in europe and osu football may suck me back in. michiecorleone
2	does anyone have tickets to the foo fighters concert tomorrow that they're willing to sell
2	if saturday was anything to go by, thfc's issue isnt creating chances but the conversion of those chances. kane needs support &amp; competition
2	30 years ago today: dave stieb takes no-hitter into 9th. white sox start 9th with back-to-back-to-back hr (first 2 off stieb). jays win 6-3
2	"like a rolling stone" competition with ap physics 2nd period with mr. shaw. dhsfizix
2	scott walker says he has no plans to repeal the 14th amendment:
2	thatniggakami if it were an actual battle naruto would murk luffy so far back six paths &gt;&gt; gear 4th
2	since midnight memories, i knew that zayn will be the 1st to left, i watched almost all of their performance &amp; zayn is not that into them.
2	mark trumbo (knee) returned to the mariners starting lineup on sunday, going 1-for-3 plus a walk in a victory over the white sox.
2	wwe live from madison square garden, with brock lesnar in action, airs exclusively on the wwenetwork on saturday, october 3rd.
2	fact: sunglasses are invented to protect the sun against the eyes of the mighty chuck norris.
2	rock royalty in town: dave grohl's foo fighters, with openers royal blood, at first niagara tomorrow. royalblooduk
2	foo fighters take on westboro baptist church and much more in the august 24th trend report:
2	be wary any time walker says he isn't seeking: scott walker: i'm not seeking to repeal birthright citizenship (video)
2	news: floyd mayweather buys the most expensive car in the world: good news, everybody: floyd "money" may... gcpr
2	wi. gov. mansion now a "waffle house": scott walker decides he doesn't want to repeal 14th amendment via huffpostpol
2	a search of "cnn debate" on twitter only returns links to news about how carly fiorina may not make it into the next debate. *yawn* boring..
2	wedensday, thurs and and today you opened the show with omen by sam smith. i see u shady_lurker tumivoster the5thelenent the5thelement
2	red sox lead mlb in runs since all-star break (188), ahead of even rampaging jays (184). white sox, tonight's opponent, are 4th (176).
2	jon stewart got into the action at wwe's summerslam on sunday, bashing john cena with a chair.
2	this is the gratitude journal in the mail on sunday ...right next to katy perry and giselle bundchen. what an...
2	here's what happened when jon stewart got into the ring with john cena during sunday night's wwe summerslam
2	kpop idols: work hard. stay in school kpop idols: oh hi we're having a concert btw it's on tuesday at like 2pm during school.
2	therealjalenb when trevor knight doesn't hit up katy perry and now you gotta tell him he 2nd string
2	youbetterdeal reckless_x2 true, true. but they gave luffy his gear 2nd, which i guess is the samething as naruto's beast mode.
2	the big announcement tomorrow is not going to be anywhere near as huge as they're letting on. i think paul mccartney probably makes sense.
2	paul mccartney will once again get "out there" this october with two more shows ::
2	have you ever listened to? lady friday night- katy perry rt: yes fav: no mtvhottest justin bieber whereareunowvma
2	john cena is even the best at losing
2	ziggodome any advise on how to get u2 tickets for the 9th, need two ga?
2	wwe doing another live special on he network, this time from msg 'featuring brock lesnar' - october 3rd. summerslam
2	there may be lovers who hold out their hands but he'll never love you like i can can can mtvhottest sam smith
2	welcome back david wright, now don't screw it up: david wright returns to the mets monday in philly, and immed...
2	terry collins says david wright batting 4th is because he kills lefties and because tc didn't want to disrupt top of order that's clicking.
2	jo_irish1 tinam74 i know,by then my u2 gigs will b over and il b in post concert depression so the timing is great but i wish it was a sat
2	would take pato all day long as a 3rd striker behind berahino and kane for a bench or cup player.
2	okeem ampbell. honicko comely katy perry images. you may want to see:
2	how should mets work david wright back into things? is batting him 4th tonight too much too soon? dailynewslive 5pm snytv
2	kris bryant homered in the bottom of the 9th. cubs beat indians 2-1. get to six of the stlcards
2	kris bryant with the walk-off homer..cubs win 2-1. but did lester's inability throw the ball to 1st base cost him a win?
2	lester goes 8 and 2/3 strong, gives up a run in 9th. kris bryant hits a walk off to win, lester doesn't get the w. heartbreaking for owners!
2	kris bryant's 20th homer of the season gives him 75 rbi and his second walkoff of the season. cubs letsgo wearegood
2	if christians would be honest, we would admit that the jesus of the nt makes us very uncomfortable. but may we follow this jesus anyway!
2	thesleepingprez if we say that islam is a hijacked religion; we need to know when so it may be restored it to its previous peaceful state.
2	ashleeeymaarie i have 1 question. did you actually sing the song waiting for the sun by approaching nirvana???
2	kris bryant hit his 2nd career walk-off to put the cubs 6 1/2 games over the sfgiants for the 2nd wild card spot in the nl
2	gucci may be a famous rapper but he's still in jail and still have an ice cream cone tatted on his face
2	a district judge on monday held kane on charges for allegedly lying about leaking secret grand jury information to get back at her critics&gt;
2	news: today in 1991 (august 24th) - nirvana play at the...: today in 1991 (august 24th) - nirvana... keepgrunge
2	i didn't know the 6th pillar of islam was heterosexuality
2	thanks to kris bryant's walkoff hr in 9th, the cubs got their mlb-leading 12th walkoff win of the season.
2	kris bryant hits a walkoff homerun in the 10th inning to beat the indians, 2-1
2	why wouldn't brock lesnar be on monday night raw tonight?
2	mets captain david wright returns to action tonight in his first game since april 14.
2	david wright is back as the mets try to build on their nl east lead on monday night. here's what i'm looking for:
2	kluber takes perfecto into 6th, but tribe falls: kris bryant hit a walk-off home run with two outs i... fanrates
2	gucci - sun valley! zone6 what you know about that?
2	zach putnam will be unavailable for the white sox again tonight after experiencing right groin soreness while warming up saturday night.
2	david wright, the guy with the nice forearms is starting at 3rd tonight tellyourfriends
2	when the phillies announce david wright batting 4th but put kelly johnson's face on the scoreboard
2	glenn will personally go to the border to bring in christians marked for extermination: 'last friday, glenn pl...
2	may not watch raw tonight i was already tired of seth rollins when he retained against brock. just think how big he's head going to be now.
2	straight outta compton made it look like ice cube wrote friday... or maybe he was just reading the script
2	hey its monday come watch the white sox take on the red sox $2.50 miller lite drafts $4 svedka cocktails and 1/2...
2	i'm finishing katy perry part of me (second viewing obvs) and i'm getting to the really sad bit and i think i may cry again pray4me
2	michelle's supposed to be picking me up for moes monday and i call to see where she is and she said she stopped at dunkin for a donut
2	david wright is back and leading off in the 2nd inning!
2	reading "naruto" for the 6th time.
2	and david wright will bat in a major league game for the 1st time since april 14th!
2	in his first ab since 4/14 david wright sent a pitch into the 2nd row of the 2nd deck in left. would love him if he wasn't a met.
2	why is david wright batting in the cleanup spot in his 1st game back? that is why, upper deck home run on the 3rd pitch! mets davidwright
2	david wright hits a homer in his 1st at-bat off the dl, 3-1 phillies
2	david wright misses 115 games and the 3rd pitch he sees is one of the furthest homeruns he's ever hit... letsgomets
2	where are all the fans freaking out about the mets chemistry??? david wright just did something that may have defied biology &amp; physics.
2	how's this for crazy? david wright's last 2 trips to the dl, he's returned in philly with a hr in his 1st ab. also 9/20/13 vs. cole hamels.
2	allah may forgive your sin, however if you're proud of if it &amp; try to make a part of islam that's a dangerous thing to do...think
2	sorry david wright, this night belongs to the goat historywithanexclamationpoint
2	my professor just made a chuck norris joke am i in 8th grade or college i forgot
2	by the way - who do you want to see brock lesnar face live at madison square garden on october 3rd live on the wwenetwork? wwe raw
2	you just broke the 11th commandment bo, thou shall not intentionally piss off brock lesnar
2	oppo hr for abreu, not far from the pole. his 24th, and it's 1-0 white sox.
2	monday's recap: cubs 2, indians 1: kris bryant's home run with two out in the ninth gave the cubs a 2-1 victor...
2	actforamerica the woman speaks the truth .....for the "rot" of islam may grind slow but it grinds exceedingly small enabling it to fester
2	when you see bqquinn on monday night raw in a seth rollins shirt wwe trutvjokers mondaynightraw
2	wwe who's gone be the 3rd guy for the shield again will it be seth rollins stay tune everyone
2	tomorrow marks 5 months since zayn left the band can everybody like post videos of their reactions
2	david wright the 1 constant in the 3rd lit the fire of mets and 6 dingers later where up 11-7 lets go mets
2	saw rascal flatts last thursday with my boyfriend, then saw zac brown band the very next day with the roomie. timewellspent
2	motowncatscrown - yep. believe the indians are in the 10th slot (lost today) and the white sox are 11th (losing). tigers 12th.
2	white sox win a challenge, alexei ramirez ruled safe at second upon review. sanchez up with 0 out in the 5th.
2	xlotsoflouisx me too but zayn was just on a break at 1st too so idk i'm still super scared
2	morley_scott jonlueke balaneski are you guys trying to work in another sharknado reference for friday?
2	wwe monday night raw results - jon stewart on why he attacked john cena
2	nirvana's 'e-coli' demo leaks online [listen]: set to release november 6th through universal music, the album ...
2	anyone going to the october 3rd msg show with brock lesnar that'll air live on wwenetwork? wwe raw
2	john cena has just turned heel!!!!! downgoesstewart jonstewartcena raw
2	video: john cena hits jon stewart with an attitude adjustment on monday night raw
2	rprokof thereal_jayd yes we k ow for the 14th time today. kris bryant hit a walkoff.
2	ah the tables are now turned &amp; it is *jon stewart* who will be the one getting destroyed in every news headline tomorrow thanks to john cena
2	on january 1st i said this was going to be zayn's year but i had no idea
2	the mets are winning 16-7. david wright is in his first game in 4 months. it's the 9th inning. he's still in.
2	john stewart's 2nd act! going toe-to-toe with john cena &amp; ric flair in the ring!
2	monday night raw tell about for the business of you john cena and no seth rollins i want bri bella and nikki bella you have no class let's l
2	is david wright going to break out the cookies again before tomorrow night's game? metsmashers
2	cena may be gone from the arena, but u know someone's gonna runin this ceremony; but who, kane? sting? someone new? who is it? wwe raw
2	oh my god what if they unveil that and it's kane. this may happen people. (i realize the statue's already been seen, but i know how wwe is)
2	stopped by n smoked a chop wit moms on my day off. told her everything's gucci gave her a 8th told her its for all the stress i caused lol
2	the ppl on the radio today made fun of iwata passing then followed it up saying the foo fighters are better then nirvana so yea happy monday
2	white sox have runners on corners with 1 out and are trailing 5-3 in 9th. ramirez up, beckham pinch running at 1st for laroche.
2	"did you hear about zayn leaving one direction" "that's so march 25th dad"
2	revenge is sweet. john cena hits jon stewart with attitude adjustment on raw.
2	mlbfantasy david wright, playing in his first game since april 14, homered as the mets trampled the phillies on monday.
2	i just booked that ice cube said 'bye felicia' in friday (which he wrote) and he (his son) says it in straight outta compton... clever
2	hey john cena, guess who else is about to challenge rollins for his 16th title reign... raw sting tna wcw
2	til that the band "the hanson" was in katy perry's musics video last friday night.
2	i know battle of 5 armies's script was written 1st, but they do so much in post these days.are we sure none of it was inspired by sharknado?
2	mlbfantasy rusney castillo provided all five red sox runs in monday's victory over the white sox, finishing 3-for-4.
2	i just sat around for a minute trying to remember ice cube's last name
2	back to fill the void widely left open by both hulk hogan's ousting and roddy piper's death
2	kane may have bitten off more the he can chew
2	mets (c) david wright went 2-for-5 with three runs scored, an rbi, a walk and 20th home run at citizens bank park in his return. mlb
2	if you haven't heard the story yet, captain david wright greeted the mets in the hotel lobby in philly on sunday...
2	not even may, and the weather is this cold? floyd mayweather shows how he spends his nights....
2	super eagles coach, sunday oliseh, says that the team is not formidable but believed that it needs time for it to...
2	long weekend, four days of work then foo fighters on sunday. just to make it to friday now.
2	louiswhatelse the sun said they were going to end up the group and niall cleared the rumors saying they'll stay together
2	new york mets get big 16-7 win over the philadelphia phillies (monday's mlb scores): david wright hit a long h...
2	this friday system of a down , ice cube playing straight outta compton, iggy pop cyprus hill , and the airborne toxic event &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;
2	nickmotown ah shit.. that's the one where i lay in my tent on sunday night saying "nirvana? they'll be back some time soon."
2	khubaibstation just like a person may say to me "i don't agree with islam&amp;dont want2b a muslim but u have right to be one" same thing
2	&gt;falling for the onion picking john cena for january is good when he wins, he notices that doesn't compare to the freaks.
2	tonyabbottmhr i may not be an important person in their eyes but in gods eyes i feel i am being guided to help save the christians /yazidis
2	'boruto: naruto the movie' slated for october 10 release in the us - christian post
2	(new) niall with fans at chicago at 3 am (in the morning) august 23rd! (via _1dslovakia) mtvhottest one direction
2	tue aug 25 09:48:27 +0000 2015 "lindaikeji: super eagles coach sunday oliseh says mikel obi refused to pick his call in london: chelsea midfielder mikel. is it a toboo?
2	frankrgardner hi, sunday interview, you said islam means submition to the will of god. not quite right.submition to allah's will
2	new super eagles coach sunday ogochukwu oliseh has warned that his attempt to rebuild the national team would take some time.
2	was feeling the urge to intrude sm mnl's 3rd floor earlier and check if paper towns is still showing. realized 2 things:
2	farahbieber123 the sun released fake articles that the boys are breaking up but then niall and louis confirmed they rnt
2	wtop alert: on 1st day, thomas stone elementary in prince george's county is closed due to a water main break....
2	before you know it..it will be 2020 a.d. and you bustas will still be working on your 2nd album like frank ocean
2	did you know prince george's co. is the nation's 21st-largest school district?
2	well i guess "unity" and "peace" in muslims is a "sensitive" topic for people with takfiri mindset.... may allah cure your heart! ameen!
2	saferozie plenty of "muslims" i have met around the globe may carry "muslim names".. but they r stauch atheists..religion is not a race!
2	with this silence, he may very well just tweet out the link to joey fatone's open letter to one direction (read: niall, louis &amp; liam).
2	march 25 : otra jakarta, my otra march 25 : zayn officially left 1d see the struggle?! 5monthswithoutzayn
2	rousey reminded me it was tuesday. stick that tongue out! tongueouttuesday makingofk9rousey throwawaydogs
2	today in beatles history (april 18, 1963): paul mccartney meets his future girlfriend jane asher for the first time.
2	joe kelly limited the white sox to two runs in 7 1/3 innings, snagging the win on monday. redsox mlb
2	just announced: paul mccartney is coming to the jordancenter on october 15 for his first ever central pa performance.
2	just in: paul mccartney is set to perform at the bjc on october 15th....
2	from wtaj: big announcement for paul mccartney fans. october 15th at the bryce jordan center live in concert....
2	if carly fiorina ran the u.s. via easy_branches easybranches marketing influence news
2	we want to tell people how great islam is yet we are not great muslims. may our actions speak louder than our words.
2	fantasyleague ewingcalvin going to be at the lane on saturday and if he's not in the squad i'll be gutted... kane needs help!
2	former mississippi sen. trent lott announced tuesday he is endorsing republican presidential hopeful john kasich,...
2	henryrops1 lol, creating the 1st university and hospitals in egypt and you want people to believe islam destroyed egypt lol. butt hurt
2	joined the nation of islam after winning his 1st world heavyweight boxing championship waxmuseum
2	jon stewart gets body slammed by john cena on 'wwe monday night raw': the former 'daily show' host was slammed to the floor by cena ...
2	do you have a favorite paul mccartney hit? music detroit
2	the last time david wright hit a hr for the mets, it was april 10, 4 games into the season
2	the wait to find out if one of the 44 people i got to apply to win sam smith tickets is killing me, thursday hurry the fuck up
2	david wright homers in 1st at-bat, says he's ready for pennant race - via espn app
2	sarah_and_dog a couple of hours after that tweet, i heard that it is still on the cards. big brother may be watching...
2	mlbnetwork mlbcentral david wright crushing a dinger on his first swing since april 14th. i didn't think he would pull a wilmer flores!
2	if anyone has two jason aldean tickets for sep 5th that they want to get rid of please let me know so i can take them off your hands!
2	paul mccartney to play the joe louis arena in detroit on october 21
2	seth rollins probably grew up watching sting (friday night channel 5 in black &amp; white) &amp; now he's wrestling him for the wwe title
2	john cena body slams jon stewart like he's amy schumer in trainwreck!: he kinda had it coming! on sunday, jon ...
2	hear the new iron maiden record "book of souls" thurs sep 3rd 7:30 pm &amp; be entered to win the entire maiden catalog!
2	i don't understand the john cena meme but i need there to be one with him and april and the end of the johnny karate ep of parks and rec.
2	john cena v. jon stewart: the battle of the jons (insert arby's joke here)
2	kpsbunny just saturday now, the lead is close. mtvhottest katy perry
2	it remind me to zayn when he said there's one missing mtvhottest one direction
2	august 25th; kanye west and frank ocean host private listening party, play each other's albums on repeat while laughing at the world
2	had a cameo in the columnist seat monday night. here's my perspective on david wright's return:
2	player of the game on monday: kris bryant or jon lester? you make the call:
2	supine_forte he can have 2nd under gucci
2	for the 1st time, hindus declined to less than 80% population whereas muslims increased by 0.8%. census2011
2	who do you think is going to win the game on saturday night? the cubs or the foo fighters?
2	john kasich may want to change his king for a day statement after reviewing this :)
2	aaronthfc he will have to obviously otherwise just kane for season. january won't be anybody for sale. clubs don't need to sell.
2	they might as well drop the last friday and let ice cube son play craig niggas look jus alike
2	as long as ted cruz &amp; scott walker are still in the race, donaldtrump ranks no higher than 3rd most offensive candidate. gopbs
2	motorola could you verify, is moto g 3rd gen aptx enabled?
2	which is more important wwe john cena's 16th title reign to tie or number 17 to break the record
2	church in pensacola does this 1 sunday a year, every 2 yrs. service with u2 songs in place of hymns/gospel songs.
2	in context: scott walker and 'birthright citizenship' - if it's tuesday it must be... via politifactwisc
2	chalupny, press &amp; johnston throwing out 1st pitch at white sox game tonight
2	re: last retweet: i've been thinking about this a lot since sunday, about how people call themselves christians but then get mad when...
2	i'm so serious. january is 5 months away so i thought everyone was talking about zayn's birthday.
2	irishkingnjh when niall and i date i'll take them three out for dinner on the 14th and i'll just take them out once instead of three times
2	spurs2380 kane may well get so disillusioned with lack of signings that he slaps in a transfer request. that would be interesting!
2	tuesday night doubleheader! come by for the games: red sox white sox starts at 7:10 &amp; cubs giants at 9:15!
2	arsenal youngster, chuba akpom and liverpool rising star, jordon ibe may snub the super eagles following their invitations to england's u21s
2	lightofbelief truth_ahmadiyya imaz_khalid rk volume: 17, page: 193, book: toufah-golravea) he says 12th khalifa of islam is like yahya as
2	club going up, on a tuesday. come see jeff and get a $2 stella artois cidre and $2 sam smith nut brown ale while...
2	i'm not ready for this 5th album. i wasn't even able to handle niall and louis and liam's tweets yesterday about the rumors
2	how much you wanna bet zayn will come online today or tomorrow
2	tomorrow!! pop up class with antwoncollier. credits include : miley cyrus, katy perry, jidenna, nickelodeon,...
2	if john cena is really behind the wwe keeping the belt on nikki, i may not be in love with him anymore.
2	straight outta compton again... for the 3rd time. "yeaah yay!" (in ice cube's voice)
2	rusney castillo is not in the red sox starting lineup on tuesday night against the white sox. redsoxnation
2	in his first game back since april 14, david wright went 2-for-5 with a hr, bb and three r on monday. he also made two errors at 3b.
2	come to afterburnnola tonight and go hard with me for tuesday doomsday with comrade_yuth, gucci, and ktrlyourmind
2	one time in the 7th grade i wrote niall is daddy on my hand &amp; my teacher was yelling at me to show him what it said &amp; i licked/rubbed it off
2	laying in bed all day catching up with big brother since school starts tomorrow and i'm not ready to give up my freedom.
2	both teams have been on offensive tears since the break. boston leads mlb with 193 r in the second half. the white sox are 4th with 180 r.
2	memphis may fire, a day to remember, alesana, nirvana, the xx, alt-j, arctic monkeys, the offspring... my jams man
2	miley gave up seven runs in 5.2 innings in a 9-4 loss to the white sox on july 28th
2	brutal review in the white sox - red sox game. he should be safe at 3rd, but he did technically kinda sorta come off the base
2	white sox get 3 hits, make 2 outs on bases that inning. manage a run on sanchez 2-out single to center. soto in rundown to end 2nd. 1-0
2	isvara_ desire is the root of all suffering. being content w/ what is is the only relief. u may c there is no "you".. nirvana = extinction
2	salat(prayer),2nd pillar of islam,is mentioned 700x in the quran.zakat (charity),3rd pillar, mentioned over 150x...
2	.news: (janetjackson) janet jackson writes open letter to the late aaliyah: today (august 25) marks the 14t...
2	new review tomorrow, this time i check out ed hunter, that's right the game based on iron maiden \,,/
2	harleypaigee i'm going to jason aldean on the 26th of sept orrrr rascal flats on october 2nd!
2	uniwatch just mentioned on white sox broadcast that some coaches may wear shorts for the upcoming throwback game.
2	yoenis cespedes gets on with a fielder's choice, but is stranded as david wright strikes out. mets 6 phillies 5 middle of 9th inning.
2	trayce thompson's 2-run double gives the white sox a 5-4 lead in the 7th. is 3-for-4 with a double, triple and 3 rbis.
2	thinkin about wearing my one direction nirvana shirt (courtesy of midnight_shrimp) tomorrow but also i dont want to be made fun of just yet
2	we don't get enough niall in yellow, i don't like the color but he looks like the sun in it mtvhottest one direction
2	rabwah they may want to learn about basics of islam as well...
2	we see more christians than muslims in the news, may be they are more successful. interesting
2	that's the ballgame, texas loses 6-5. tomorrow's game is a 7:05 first pitch, with david price for toronto against colby lewis for texas.
2	joeygcowboy18 hope they continue to give the rangers trouble. david price tomorrow!!!!
2	kris bryant grounds into a 6-4-3 double play headed to the bottom of the 5th in san francisco the score remains cubs 6, giants 0
2	the only reason i know who john cena is is because my bully in 3rd grade wrote his name in sharpie all over her backpack
2	kcroyaks i do it at about half the games i go to. i'll be at the white sox game in chicago this sunday so i'll do it there for sure.
2	god bless aly for letting us go to dunkin' donuts tomorrow bc im going to need that coffee sooooooooooo bad
2	alan benjamin-n. alanortegavasqu have you seen these inviting katy perry images? you may want to see:
2	toi_bhartij timesofindia for the 1st time growth rate of christians, sikhs, jains &amp; other minorities went below10% as against prev decades
2	arby_18 nhl_campbell remember that day chevy traded bogo and kane... wonder if history could repeat itself. a 2nd p for p trade..
2	if someone has connections at the **** **** hotel saturday can you please get me and two friends in to see shawn :(
2	toyotafanzone it's been hell living as a white sox fan in chicago this summer. go get them tomorrow giants!
2	if you want to see a completely different version of big brother - follow bbcouchpotatoes to keep up with celebrity bb uk. starts thursday!
2	islam is on the march to convert all to their ideology! wake up america! rt stopislam tcot makedclisten teaparty
2	imma dog jus like gucci said marry to the money imma newly wed
2	guy opened the 8th gate and naruto saved his ass.. goat
2	remember when harry was ab to deliver a baby and niall just kinda sat down on the couch not phased by the lady myvhottest one direction
2	smendestour hey do you know if shawn is going to be opening up for taylor on saturday??
2	trayce thompson continued tearing the cover off the ball tuesday, going 3-for-4 with three rbi as the white sox edged the red sox 5-4.
2	ryan braun went 2-for-4 with a run scored, two rbis and his 23rd home run of the season (253rd of his mlb career). brewers
2	causticwithsoda how fragile is it? i'm still on moto g 1st gen and this has lasted all holocausts. looking at mi now.
2	day two of graphing the cubs tomorrow. tough team. will kris bryant or jon lester sign? find out tomorrow on "graphing with cj." rackcity
2	hennokruger 6000 seems iron maiden may be on the cards as well
2	i'm including 20th &amp; 21st because no one is going to work/school on the week of eid.
2	super eagles will visit the taifa stars on september 5 welovesport sportsnownow sprtsnownow
2	shawn just added a madrid show at teatro monumental on sept. 12! tix onsale - friday 11am local time shawninmadrid
2	gilad289 israelitecanaan some of them may very well be. they could be from the jewish tribes of saudi arabia who converted to islam.
2	janet jackson pens letter to aaliyah on 14th anniversary of her death the note reads: what i shared with you...
2	petertownsend7 savageries were used by all in the 7th century. adopting them today as examples to imitate by true muslims is the problem.
2	eddydavis19 and yeah i agree berahino may go on to be massive but with kane at the club i'd focus on devolving him even more!
2	carly fiorina: against spending political capital fighting over amending the 14th amendment. thank you.
2	thought the boys taking a break will allow me concentrate on my school lessons ha. forgot zayn is out there zolo &amp; may drop a single anytime
2	i'll drop my beta key 4 you through shawn?
2	aug 26, 1988: hero and the terror starring chuck norris and the late steve james was released. todayinactionhistory
2	mtv is playing only vma performances rn..they have to play nirvana's 1992 performance of lithium like c'mon it's fuckin iconic
2	we now on the 2nd half of the show now - katy perry - this is how we do ....
2	with a win tonight &amp; a rangers loss, the twins can move into the 2nd wc spot. fyi the rangers are facing david price &amp; the blue jays.
2	bhramabull janet jackson shares a heartfelt note dedicated to aaliyah: with tuesday marking the 1... bhramabull
2	that guy from sunday night was actually the double of sam smith
2	another day, another chance to say, "free gucci....he free now? nah? aiigh. see you same time same place tomorrow to try again bro."
2	sunday oliseh: super eagles coach says he has no problem with his predecessor ... - pulse nigeria supereagles
2	*gets email about paul mccartney playing at joe louis in october* *texts mom about us going to the paul mccartney concert*
2	kinghassannab shehryarplays itzalphayt skillnationmc it gucci but i would personally prefer sunday
2	corrienationstr i agree with you, because kane is much cheaper and bale though a fee is agreeable, he may not want to come.
2	tracibraxton westside (ice cube voice) listen to shirley's strawberry letter on 102.3, then 93.5 for west coast wednesday all day, on weed!
2	need a friday marathon one of these weekends. just laugh while ice cube's belly gradually grows and his mean mug gets meaner with each movie
2	movieevangelist we're reviewing paper towns on saturday. i know you're not on the show, just sayin'
2	brock lesnar vs. bo dallas at msg on october 3rd? bo's promos over the next several weeks should be classic.
2	...private suite for four chicago white sox with jeff samardjzia autograph baseball (sept 13, 2015 vs minnesota twins)....
2	the undertaker rises from a coffin to attack brock lesnar: raw, march 24, 2014 via youtube
2	don't let john cena go down on me don't let the sun go down on me replacesongtitleswithjohncena
2	frank ocean fans starting to learn what being a tomdelonge fan is like, but at least the dream walker was worth it
2	but this is wednesday something should happen with zayn! zaynmalik make something happen, were dying here
2	for anyone who likes both scott walker and backstreet boys, here's a double bill for you! (and probably only you.)
2	remember how zayn left the band on my 18th birthday :/ 5monthswithoutzayn
2	"are you going to shawn's show on september 8th?" me: (vine by literally shawn;)
2	spuddy1878 it's always against no doubt kane will end his drought on saturday
2	tickets now available for the mk welcomes the foo fighters event with trippah and venus high trap thebuszymk 4 sep
2	almost done with u2 discography review! by friday: nloth and (hopefully) songs of innocence!
2	september 23rd last day at dunkin... september 27th i'm out of sw wisconsin..
2	selling 2 jason aldean &amp; kenny chesney tickets for this friday at gillette stadium $79 each! direct message me if you are interested!
2	the book of souls iron maiden | format: audio cd 39 days in the top 100 release date: 4 sept.... music follow
2	tomorrow is the last episode of naruto shippuden until months of filler start raining down on us :'(
2	do you want to win a free pair of tickets to see kenny chesney and jason aldean this saturday night?!?! come to...
2	5 more chances for you to see paul mccartney in the us - october dates here:
2	aren't the white sox ahead of detroit right now
2	it's comical when dustin johnson wds from something &amp; his mgmt team gives a quote like he's on his death bed:
2	zachgoat getting them today giving to shawn later to give to you tomorrow
2	imagine if this was clashing with tomorrow's celebrity big brother launch though. i'd be so torn.
2	yeah, manchester folk love paying for richard leese's meal ticket whilst he sucks up to george osborne.
2	holly holm's boxing may give her the ability to out point rousey on the feet but what's her take down defence like?
2	david wright isn't in the lineup tonight. we're going to look into this, folks. there may be an injury situation to report. fingers crossed.
2	tripleh hey paul can make this triple threat match randy orton john cena brock lesner vs seth rollins tommorrow night or monday night raw
2	jearysylves &amp; sting on monday night. sting vs seth rollins at night of champions for the title and john stewart got a attitude adjustment
2	mlb mets david wright will not be in the starting lineup for wednesday's game vs philadelphia.
2	raid 1 (mirror) of shawn and rob. was this planned or coincidence?!? is it varsity red wednesday at itinspired...
2	i get to see david wright play at citi field live on friday night. i might not survive to actually get to the park.
2	reminder!!! join prince george's county council chairman mel franklin on sunday august 30th from 3pm to 6pm as he...
2	kris bryant is the 4th best base runner in the league, according to the stat bsr... didn't expect that
2	"kvzco: oh shit! youve been caught in an ego trap is he chuck norris ???
2	anonymous said: hook up with niall and the closest he can get you is 7th row... cheap
2	drubydoobie youraveragefox let's not forget that the original point of this discussion was bc shawn believed the 2nd amendment to be....
2	blue jays ace david price recently sat down for the interview with sportsnet magazine
2	please reveal john cena to have been on ashley madison. we may get nikki dropping the title!
2	soooo apparently we are tent camping after the foo fighters concert tomorrow night..... instead of bar hopping and sleeping in a hotel....
2	check out dean ambrose on a local morning show in providence on tuesday! dean doesn't stop living the character...
2	tell ya what. if 10+ non-runners come and watch our meet on saturday i'll take you all out to dunkin afterwards for a few dozen donuts on me
2	again, i'm selling two tickets to see ed sheeran on september 3rd in houston dm me if you wanna buy them (((someone pls buy them)))
2	8/23. when niall and liam came over right next to our section. and just sat there. right there.
2	robbiejbhood kane walked off with a tight calf last saturday. if he starts i guess n'jie will be on the bench.
2	since acquiring david price on july 30, the blue jays are 19-4 and have scored 138 runs -- exactly 6 per game. nesnstatsandinfo
2	getting ready to call bluejays at rangers on espn radio with adamamin david price (30th birthday) vs colby lewis from globe life park
2	john cena hits jon stewart with 'attitude adjustment' on monday night raw cenavsstewart aa wwemondaynightraw
2	david price taking to the mound for the bluejays tonight. since august 3 he's been reliable as expected &amp; then some
2	these paul mccartney tix are burning a hole in my pocket. want em? call 313-298-1043 after the 2nd paul/beatles song. it will happen.
2	chuck norris once walked the million man march by himself. there were no complaints.
2	murderized if i buy you a ticket to ed sheeran in dallas on september 5th, will you go with me
2	ann_niobe our friend shawn is coming for the 1st time. we gave him a bunch of tips. i can type them up &amp; send in a fb message if you want.
2	janet jackson pays tribute to aaliyah on the 14th anniversary of her death [photo] - icymi
2	tomorrow we embark on a stint up and across western canada. catch us at woof stock in prince george, friday on the main stage 2 pm.
2	adrian beltre gives david price a 30th birthday present he didn't want: a two run bomb. rangers up 2-0 in the 1st.
2	not to excited for what the satellites have to wear this friday game but it's all gucci at least we all actually match
2	i wonder when the 1st video of shawn falling over on stage will be...
2	review redsox whitesox t2-1o: white sox challenged (play at 1st), call on the field was overturned: travis shaw grounds... [1/2]
2	so apparently brock lesnar will be facing the same man he decimated on raw from brooklyn on october 3rd live on the wwenetwork from msg.
2	i'm not kidding, the white sox are running a promotion called "selfie sunday". and they wonder why they're the 2nd team in the 2nd city
2	helloiamhala awesome. may the latter belief make you question why islam is so targeted and guide you to the right religion at some point
2	who will be evicted. steve or johnny mac. find out tomorrow at 8/7c. and who will return to the game? find out on big brother! bb17
2	anyone going to foo fighters tomorrow
2	so far chris sale is sitting at 5th place for white sox single season k leaders with 227.
2	melky cancels the postgame show with a ground rule double to right. 1st white sox hit and baserunner. 2 outs for avi.
2	realjameswoods i don't get it, they hate christians and march for islam, christians may not agree with their lifestyle but we don't kill
2	wow david price, 1st and 2nd, no out. lets just strike out the next 3!! unreal gojaysgo
2	wwe superstar meet &amp; greet with randy orton: $150.00 (0 bids)end date: wednesday sep-2-2015 18:20... wwetickets
2	it's been a month since i met harry and niall wow i just realized its the 26th today
2	collxkelly niall or ricky dillon the world may never know
2	if anyone brings me dunkin iced coffee tomorrow, you'd be my hero
2	travis shaw homers to right and scores bogaerts as sox go up 2-0 on the white sox in the 8th
2	i'm going to be so inactive tomorrow so if niall has a follow spree pls spam for me
2	kris bryant comes through in the 1st. his single plates a pair, before he's thrown out at 2b. cubs lead it 2-0 through a half inning.
2	kris bryant had a two out, two run single in the 1st. cubs 2 giants 0
2	it would be religiously inaccurate he may have acted according to ideals in islam but he was most definitely jewish
2	jennljordan75 hes_th_1 i have a theory. niall will be 1st to tweet. louis, liam &amp; nothing from harry. once the hiatus starts. idk.
2	robertsmccaw quran says when flag of islam flies over every country, the 12th imam shall rise up out of fire &amp; smoke &amp; rule his domain.
2	yes. it may have ruined my social life, but i don't regret finding out about shawn one bit.
2	oann y does carly fiorina want to be president? to be president, or to be the 1st woman president? her ego as big as the donald's?
2	blue jays give david price 12 runs for his birthday: toronto scored 10-plus runs for the 20th time this season...
2	kdl93 you can tell shawn that i unquit, i thought i had a career path in vemma. so yea i'll be in tomorrow, regular time.
2	i hope we get what do you mean for real tomorrow and he wont pull a frank ocean on us
2	priceonpoint *whispers* mohammad's 1st wife's name was khadija. she was the first to convert to islam.
2	reggiculous hey! do you know info about the shawn event to saturday? like i know to be there by 11 but what time would it end &amp; where is it
2	upcoming britishmuseum exhibition will tell the story of christianity, islam &amp; judaism in egypt after the pharaohs
2	giggles5050 drgarekar i think patels along with togadia wants to scrap reservations for muslims. may be a game plan.
2	had a slightly intoxicated conversation about daredevil, ant-man, civil war, &amp; the mcu. if that's not a successful wednesday, then what is?
2	super eagles coach sunday oliseh will trim down the number of home based players in camp before the arrival of...
2	liturgy you are right to identify a variety of intentions. a variety of intentions may still be fully compatible for christians.
2	jdharm could be car crash tv! celebrity big brother: full lineup revealed as janice dickinson enters the house
2	the markets have stabilised but the risks to our recovery remain significant, whatever george osborne may say
2	vma's might be using zayn for promo or may be he is actually going.
2	debuting tomorrow. check back because i'm stealing it from rolling stone as soon as it debuts william clark green.
2	nike do the "gucci" foamposites come out on september 4th or september 25th? i've been hearing both dates but i'm not sure who to trust
2	boomerandcarton david wright was implying that the game is over in the 8th and he can take his spikes off... no need to pinch hit
2	on the 27th day of the *... jonesyandamanda :- 'this' dead... realhughjackman :-oh know u2....reach 'this' number 1000 ...enter the club
2	corpse party blood drive may be coming to ps4, apparently it has a trophy list
2	1st pic of ed sheeran 4 the new tv show "the bastard executioner" kicks off sept 15th on fx
2	tripple h was never ric flair's bitch..but this sunday ima make you mine... john cena to seth rollins
2	if you used gigs &amp; tours to purchase your shawn tickets on the monday, will you have a chance of winning a m&amp;g ticket? o2sbe
2	hunter s. thompson said in the february 15, 1973 issue of rolling stone, "if i'd written the truth i knew for the...
2	my birthday money lasted exactly 1 month, i may or may not have spent it on kpop albums
2	what i noticed was that the growth rate of muslims actually fell by 5% over previous decade. change coming?
2	i'll give him gucci sosa,movie 1.maybe writing on the wall.&amp; yes.i fw gucci.but jeezy 1st 4 tapes burned da streets
2	motorola do you have a store in singapore to buy moto g 3rd generation phone?
2	pgatour avis game...dustin johnson 13th hole. misses green with approach, gets 3pt instead of -2 for missed gir. correction
2	&gt;top 10 shounen list &gt;doesn't put one piece, naruto, bleach and dbz because it's "overrated and mainstream" &gt;puts sao in 2nd place
2	junichi tazawa recorded his third save with a scoreless ninth wednesday against the white sox. redsox
2	travis shaw hit his seventh homer wednesday versus the white sox. redsox
2	a baby-boomer, ps4 &amp; an audience. that's keith's dream. vote now! and don't miss tgif with keithpdunn fri at 7pm est
2	how cnn may keep carly fiorina out of the next debate anyway - hot air
2	honored to have pres.candidates wanting to visit w lansingchamber members &amp; the community. john kasich on tuesday!
2	virat_hindu2 snsachinnandu fear among muslims may be plausible yet unwarranted... but dalits are becoming the biggest supporters of modi.
2	zayn is back in la - he was seen leaving the warwick in hollywood last night, august 26
2	enter the light to craft beer nirvana, with a theduluthexp brewery tour! there is one every friday. beernirvana
2	why is rousey worried bout money may pay and i'm pretty sure they not even in the same tax bracket
2	dan_sly you were asking about ps4 deals. here's some!
2	not making it to the main debate stage may not be such a bad thing for carly fiorina
2	janet jackson took a moment to remember aaliyah on the 14th anniversary of her passing. the iconic artist penned...
2	is carly fiorina better off being left out?: despite her rise in the polls, the gop contender still may not ma...
2	bored? check out the 1st of 2 articles i am writing for officialseedbed on christians and cultural interaction!
2	dragon's quest heroes:the world's tree woes and the heroes you know trailer,coming to ps4 in oct. playstationmvp
2	gosickboy_ islam is the 2nd largest religion and every person interprets differently. but ofc there are main points that no one can dispute
2	pierresbk71 eiiitti axarrey krynis if i went for ps4 i could have been playing it by tomorrow or saturday. i am pc dedicated, it hurts.
2	josh_parent "bye felicia" has unfortunately returned due to ice cube putting the line from his hit movie "friday" in straight outta compton
2	regarding brock lesnar returning to the ring at wwe's october 3rd madison square garden live event, which will air on the wwe wwenetwork
2	tonight, billy joel takes wrigley field and then, on saturday, the foo fighters! stop by for a drink beforehand. ---&gt;
2	ryan_davis17 may not have been just find it strange... that's all. i just hope the same protection that came to kane doesn't come to rose.
2	vincezampella hi, may i ask you for your help. can you hook me up with used (second hand) console ps4 or xboxone ?? thanks in advance
2	this war of mine: the little ones is coming to ps4 and xb1 in january! watch the trailer:
2	after taking big hit in the polls, scott walker was last seen studying the 14th amendment. hope he gets it right this time. tcot
2	get you a girl by november that's down to buy you gucci flip flops.
2	cody__james__ you better be on your best behavior for niall, louis, liam and harry on saturday.
2	"years ago when i saw the 1st episodes of naruto it was clear to me that the main character would get together with the girl he loves." - pe
2	chris davis leads mlb with 165 ks (32.2%) kris bryant 2nd at at 150 (30.0%). walker leads sl at 34.9 pct. 2nd place is 28.4.
2	what if frank ocean drops his tomorrow on the same day as the weeknd
2	who would want to go to ed sheeran (september 18th) with kylie and i???
2	cynaragee shaunthesheep for the pun alone! not sure if it nudges muppets' nirvana barbershop quartet out of 1st place, but it's close.
2	1d_lover_beth they did come out on the saturday, niall was on the segway i cant remember about the others
2	hear from the other candidates... scott walker tomorrow morning
2	carly fiorina, gaining in polls, moves to secure spot in 2nd g.o.p. debate: mrs. fiorina, the former hewlett-p...
2	how may ffs do you want for shawn and normani?
2	can big brother just start now please? i've literally sat for hours doing nothing but wait on cbb!
2	more than just pyramids: britishmuseum's new exhibition looks at 1200 yrs of christianty, judaism &amp; islam in egypt
2	celebrity big brother is back tonight at 9 usually i update however tonight there will be no updates from me until tomorrow night
2	in history we were talking about islam and then god and i just quietly sat there laughing
2	porter judged the pace of his set perfectly. a short burst of papa was a rolling stone gave way to musical genocide
2	are we going to have a copy of kane and lynch 2: dog days to play tomorrow?
2	if anyone is selling zac brown band tickets for the friday show contact me please
2	check out how hurst, kane &amp; shearer got on, then come have a go at the orient launch of walkingfootball on sept 17!
2	thcoast danirving95 take potential out of the equation is s.b. really a downgrade from kane? i dont think so. his pace may b better suited
2	disney infinity 3.0 star wars in stock on ps3, ps4, xbox 360 and xbox one with wii u arriving tomorrow and all...
2	big brother on in the background whilst i work, it may be a pile of shite but emma willis makes it worth it
2	lolamelemshaty hahahahhahahaha, kan hyb2a john cena the 2nd xd and no need to be sorry!
2	i'll believe it when i see it. i won't fall for this again (see: frank ocean)
2	mlbfantasy david wright is back in the mets' starting lineup, batting cleanup and playing third base, thursday night against the phillies.
2	tomorrow shawn tickets will sell it, and i'm not going to buy them. fine : ).
2	llb tomorrow. we niggas going caitlyn jenner on them tomorrow
2	madison bumgarner strikes out kris bryant swinging as the cubs go down in order in the top of the 3rd
2	dad gets back from philly tomorrow which means big brother will be on every night, so might have a bet to make it interesting, who's fav?
2	caitlyn jenner wants to be treated like a "normal woman" by a man: watch the i am cait clip: videos may
2	hope alex_mowatt scores the winner saturday and reveals a "kewell 10" shirt hulk hogan style in front of the leeds end scenez
2	katy perry flashes huge lovely cleavage in going down dress as she steals attention from ...: katy perry may n...
2	frank ocean may have completely hoed us but at least the weeknd is making up for it
2	legacychik lugeyps4 you mean the caesars palace where the immortal hulk hogan won his 5th wwe title at wrestlemania ix?
2	ny man convicted friday of plotting to kill muslims with a wmd. where is media? now if he were muslim... my article
2	yes! i always wanted to know the meaning of seth rollins tattoo.
2	dobbospurs88 i reckon kane will get off the mark on sat then he'll be buzzing again c
2	he maybe racist, he may be jobless, but even hulk hogan isnt at the point where he'd willingly share a house with bobby davro. cbb
2	paul mccartney is coming to columbus on october 13th. ticketcrush has your tickets! click the link to buy your...
2	dead line for the ps4 is tomorrow at 8 pm
2	beer and nirvana (the band, not the transcendent state). my recipe for getting through tomorrow.
2	bronzemadallion carlydicocco mtngrl126 what have i missed? we're going to ohio next week? just have me back on sunday for zac brown band.
2	i don't listen to shawn mendes at all but never be alone was literally the soml saturday
2	itsbktime but the difference is thay rousey will fight whoever they throw at her and may picks his fights
2	okay so the first one is shawns twin, the 2nd is actually shawn, the 3rd is ew get away idek you
2	randy orton may want to change around his wwe schedule:
2	uansfiirt yeah, i'm aware, i just meant that we have like no information about her, all we know is she may have hooked up with niall
2	who's trying to come with me to see shawn?
2	sensonomangekyo naruto stepped into the hotspring, keeping the towel around his waist as he sat down. "so, how have you been doing, teme?"
2	entertainment:caitlyn jenner may debut as runway model: caityln jenner may walk the runway at the upcoming new...
2	bmwsequeldotcom lokenkristanna this is like the 2nd episode that should have shawn on it. the 1st being girl meets semi-formal
2	checking out john kasich's claim that he was 'one of the chief architects' of balanced budget via politifact
2	grizzlynuts bruhhhh my birthdays saturday but i work all day but after that ill be gucci. its beeen entirely way too long man
2	synard's simple man, morrissey's everyday is like sunday, and katy perry's teenage dream give me all the same feels.
2	seriously considering getting a catheter fitted for optimum metal gear-ing all day sunday. failing that, might move the ps4 into the toilet.
2	celebhelpers do you know if yall will be looking at hotel info for ed sheeran in houston on september 3rd?
2	dean ambrose &amp; roman reigns needs to find a 3rd man going up against the wyatt family
2	guti can't come up with it. garcia with an rbi single. white sox lead mariners, 1-0 in the 1st.
2	white sox go ahead 1-0 on avi garcia's rbi single in the 1st.
2	white sox take the lead, mariners 0, white sox 1 bottom 1st
2	seth rollins says that monday was suppose to be the greatest night of his life, referring to the statue of him! smackdown wwe
2	listened to "no vaseline" by ice cube for the 1st time in years today. it made me realize how wack the drake vs meek mill "beef" was.
2	just now turning on the white sox, and it looks like a saturday afternoon neighborhood softball game untucked
2	a girl sat down next to me and asked me what i was listening to and i said "nirvana" and she said "what's that".....i almost fell over dead
2	since nickdawson817 ditched me who wants to get dunkin with me tomorrow morning? i'll drive
2	ahyzie_ only map i did bad was against rift but i went 26-20 next map so it's gucci and i dropped 37 and 45 on the sunday
2	look's like we can't make a dunkin run in the morning... we can't be late to fopp's tomorrow or we'll get a referral lindseyrainer
2	why do the white sox look like they should be playing in your local park on a saturday afternoon?
2	thats the david wright i know at 3rd bbase
2	how is it not obvious the 4th hokage is naruto's dad?! they basically put it in your face the second episode.
2	white sox up in the 6th since when?????
2	is adele really gonna drop her album in november? or is she can act like frank ocean? lol
2	guti! he hits a 2-run hr in the 7th. m's down 4-2 to the white sox.
2	liamsautumn hestulips tomorrow will be a year since we waited out in the sun for hours to see ed sheeran at jimmy kimmel
2	white sox lead the mariners 4-0 at the end of the 6th. pitching: sea r elias, chw c rodon (espn)
2	local12 can you please make big brother available at its normal time next thursday (online or on another channel)? thank you.
2	tomorrow's quad hockey action will start with john cena vs they don't stop coming followed up by club zum vs straight outta talent
2	last time the stlcards swept a team was a two game series against the white sox starting july 21st
2	how much they hate it, very kiss girls like katy perry i am never sprung but i springer, jerry dont try this at home, results may vary bars
2	david wright with yet another tough play. that short hop wasn't easy to grab. mets and phillies head to the 13th.
2	allyjesogletree *faces pam ,grabs stuff * i'm stay the night with shawn cya tomorrow !
2	david wright doing david wright things. on to the 13th still 5-5
2	hector nuris's error from a david wright dribbler plates daniel murphy as the mets extend the lead to 8-5 in the 13th inning.
2	johnpaulfutbol forgotten 5th starter of the presumptive world champion 1994 white sox.
2	those like carly fiorina or elizabeth may who complain about debate criteria or formats should arrange their own. it's a free market.
2	i gotta assume no david wright saturday. maybe he's off tomorrow cuz this game went late but doubt they hold him out first game back to citi
2	why is everything happening on september 24th i have 2 exams and it might be eid and now this
2	terry collins said he asked david wright to come out 5 times tonight. wright declined. will play friday. guessing off saturday vs. righty.
2	interested in islam? this course is being offered at overlake christian church. the first class on the 14th is...
2	at this point tomorrow i would have already seen ice cube perform with the cast of "are we there yet"
2	he better not pull a frank ocean on us on god i will lose my shit
2	breetheauthor on saturday peeps will be saying the same thing about foo fighters
2	birblouis maraudered aceniall_ this is true but just mention niall she may remember him and come back to us
2	tomorrow ashould i go for the gay look or the artblogger who probably has a kanken look
2	niallstmelne hi! idk if i tweeted you before but it may have deleted. i was just wondering if you could please help me with niall's follow?
2	"floyd mayweather made $300 million in the year to june '15, far and away the most an athlete has ever earned in a single year"
2	it was a regular friday night and naruto sat in his office. usually, it wouldn't be odd or unusual since that's his job, to simply sit and -
2	- change his mind. since he was a sensory type, naruto felt a presence approach towards his office, he immediately sat up straight and --
2	iainlee getting paul mccartney tix on monday morning...worth it or not? :)
2	ran into wrestling legend hulk hogan at the world famous patsy's italian restaurant in nyc thursday night!
2	so my dad wants to buy tickets for ufc 195 on january 2nd just to watch rousey end her fight in 30 seconds
2	perfection7 i believe zayn's return is due for jan so he'll probably be at the rumble. no idea what they'll do with hideo.
2	im so nervous bc my cousin and i going to buy the ticket to see shawn in september 12th
2	sophie performing the one that got away by katy perry is no what am after on a friday morning
2	on one friday rasoolullah (peace be upon him) said: "o muslims! allah ta'aala has made this day, a day of eid, so...
2	mayweather insists berto will be his last foe: floyd mayweather insists his september 12 showdown with andre b...
2	is this the best you can do, sun? lol john cena can generate more heat than this pffftt.
2	liam, niall and harry on stage last night in cleveland, ohio at the firstenergy stadium - august 27 23
2	that was the best time for kpop but where is neverland?!
2	the friday question: what is your calling?: islam reached us by the mercy of allah, through the service of muslims.
2	game won't be delivering my ps4 until tuesday apparently. four day weekend and it's delivered when i'm back at work. great.
2	carly fiorina may not be joining the next debate - carly fiorina may not be considered to join the next debate due...
2	glo premier league star striker tunde adeniji on thursday scored twice as the super eagles defeated amakson ac...
2	it's july 59 and frank ocean's album still isn't out yo
2	,.exclusive.united targeting anderson and kane on deadline day but sources reveal united may not risk flashing out big deals on deadline
2	shawn on fitness: walking your way to good health: many of you may know that i serve on the maryland state adv...
2	tsnsimmer shawn, do you live in a hoose or a house? it's the latter! c'mon ...
2	when alyssa_tyson wakes me up i think its saturday aka move out day and she has to ask me to change from my ripped jeans and kane shirt
2	still have 2 extra ga tickets to ed sheeran in dallas on the 5th! someone please buy them..
2	corrienationstr kane is a better then rooney with back to goal. rooney better sat just off
2	the weeknd said that bbtm was coming out aug 28. bbtm came out aug 28. frank ocean take notes.
2	cnbc cp24 reporting...the sir paul mccartney tickets for the october toronto show go on sale at 11am est...get them while u can...
2	our youtube channel is going to start getting busy, so keep checking it for content. starting sunday with ed sheeran enjoying a new song
2	i want em new lebrons and em gucci foamposites that's dropping on the 4th
2	so woody has been busy. rumours he's trying to get two in (bale and kane) and two out (de gea and evans) by tuesday. mufc motwyw"
2	[tv] secrets of sex: having a gay... (community) wed, sep 2, 12:00 am ...old time. an intimate portrait of the lives, loves and losses of ..
2	is everyone ready for foo fighters at wrigley field saturday? get ready . . . eastlakeview is going to be in...
2	waste your friday playing the new iron maiden video game!
2	want a copy of book of souls the new iron maiden cd on release on sep 4th! to enter, follow us + rt! warnermusicirl
2	verona71 hi, this matter should be resolved but it may take time for the water supply to reach the whole network. thanks, niall.
2	preview for the upcoming john cena book: wwe is set to release a new book about john cena on march ...
2	andygoldstein05 i'll go kane in......one of mata, fellani or young going the other way. 2nd benzema for ddg........warm or freezing? neymar
2	tomorrow is the last day to win ed sheeran concert tickets, so come to center court on saturday from 11:30-1:30...
2	hey baystreettix yes i want to win 2 free tickets to see david price &amp; the bluejays monday night? freetixfridays
2	confirmed lali will be one of the two opening acts for katy perry's concert in argentina october 3rd!
2	man i hope she doesn't frank ocean us
2	rousey would kill floyd if she could catch him! run floyd run
2	h(use) compares two different versions of the same track. terry jacks and nirvana have 'seasons in the sun'.
2	centre of attention: while katy perry was just an audience member on wednesday at broadway's finding neverland, ...
2	super eagles coach, sunday oliseh has settled for six players from the glo premier league to make the trip with...
2	prob be double that of what ps4 had when it opened up the bo3 beta to everyone last friday.
2	opening scene for ice cube's upcoming "another friday in the big ten" movie. "how you get fired on yo day off, tim?"
2	davidvonderhaar will you be extending the bo3 beta to monday on xbox and pc like you did with ps4??
2	reminder: country fest shows (kenny chesney and jason aldean) tonight and tomorrow. expect heavy traffic in south walpole and rte. 1 areas.
2	hope winter-hall (gay liberation front) talks in the panel on sunday "where do we go from here?" politicalpride divamagazine katemcnic
2	hymn of the day : katy perry - last friday night (t.g.i.f) we are back tomorrow night, for mixed group guest...
2	amyschumer buzzfeed gonna try the foo fighters at wrigley on sat?
2	guys like that masturbate to the image of randy orton every monday.
2	ice cube's friday ona friday just slaps too hard .
2	gop presidential hopeful scott walker said friday the united states is at war with radical islam, calling it a...
2	we may have lost the football game but at least we know the difference between gucci and chanel
2	1st work out of the week...been sick as fffffffffffff, but we are gucci today
2	today's pin (august 28, 2015): "elvis insiders", in honor of elvisnight at tonight's white sox game.
2	it was built to lure another team. i think the mariners, giants and white sox were the three that came closest.
2	ed sheeran may make lovely music but he looks like a 'sex-case'
2	shackelfordtwts let's say someone believes in islam they may have different divinely commanded laws that are at odds with yours.
2	warghost97 i just bought my ps4 so i will be by november, i may buy aw for it till then cause i am not used to the controller. we'll see.
2	lewis baiely. lbaiely striking katy perry images. you may want to check:
2	does anyone want to help me win tickets to see shawn in sandiego tomorrow ?
2	whoever is the dj for uc 1st's music choices has seriously been favoring katy perry for the last hour.
2	gay hip-hop star le1f may have just out-azealia banks'd azealia banks with his new track "koi". the video is mental.
2	since someone offered, it looks like i'm going to foo fighters at wrigley tomorrow!
2	scott walker: john boehner calling ted cruz a jackass is 'just wrong': they may be rivals on the campaign trai...
2	news alarm: josh hamilton (lf - tex) josh hamilton (knee) is taking batting practice on the field. he could be activated on monday.
2	in a way spurs aren't really getting a 2nd st if they want the 2nd st to be like kane. son, n'jie, pato? don't drop back as well. maybe son.
2	friday in studio with geoffsheen760 dez bryant gets love in rolling stone, rg3 gets no love and maybe we keep it on the rails, maybe not
2	it's been a hell of a week, chuck norris released a video that claims obama's 2nd term will bring about armageddon.
2	win tickets to ed sheeran concert, predict tonight's score before game time macgoessheeran. winner announced monday on kmac.
2	for those of you who may not know you can play the iron maiden 'speed of light' game on their website enjoy!
2	chloemansell174 i ran off with u2 at 17 &amp; i think i'm still grounded! sleeping with sirens in feb next yr too! embarrassingmum
2	if someone wanted to find me at saratoga tomorrow, it wouldn't be too hard. i stick out like a sore thumb with my ps4 lanyard thing.
2	cnn so what if the rules were spelled out back in may. politics is all about change. carly fiorina deserves a place in your debate now.
2	jexxeh you know how the kris bryant walked off on the 24th?
2	when katy perry says "the blood orange sun"
2	tristan mcdaniel scores from one yard out to give milan the 7-0 lead on humboldt. 7:58 left in 1st
2	last monday on raw was the summerslam rematch between the wyatt family taking on roman reigns and dean ambrose.
2	mn 99s business meeting tomorrow at kane 11am. rsvp to patti and remember all the construction on 35w and 35e.
2	maybesomeday7 ep can be pre-ordered. ships on oct. 1. songs are from mj, bee gees, ed sheeran, the darkness, and someone else, i think
2	harry_styles just one? because you don't posted 9999999999999999999 photos..? niall posted today... tomorrow.... forever... hazzy privated
2	bbfanish she dodged so many evictions and won 5 competitions (hoh and pov) she may be a "liar" but shes playing the game of big brother
2	j_ko__ really! so lucky, matt harvey is pitching, it's david wright's 1st home game since coming off the disabled list!
2	askplaystation i did, but nothing happened. i also formatted the ps4 but nothing changed. tomorrow i'll go to the shop i bought it. ty! :)
2	let's hope she doesn't pull a frank ocean
2	juicysushi colinwaters inverted_fb benoitssmartcar kane gets hurt tomorrow. you really want chadli/son playing 99% of striker till may?
2	renowallabout juicysushi inverted_fb benoitssmartcar chadli as a back up/3rd striker is not the worst thing to have. to replace kane, no
2	david wright with sharp single to left and mets have two on for cuddyer, vs. alexi ogando with one out in 7th.
2	going to see shawn in october with my mains camamillej madisonetanner
2	david price test the marketplace in free agency c`mon man
2	just want to listen to iron maiden's new album all day tomorrow, but i have work and a project to do so
2	cruz k's with bases loaded to end 7th -- big play for white sox to keep game close -- and his al-best 37-game on-base streak is in jeopardy.
2	.carson_smith39 enters with 1 on, 1 out and a 3-2 count after walker has to exit. the mariners still lead the white sox, 2-0, in the 7th.
2	join us for a bottomless mimosa brunch tomorrow prior to the foo fighters concert! who's in?
2	david wright up with the winning run on base in the 9th. holy crap. mets
2	white sox have the bases loaded with 1 out in the 7th. mariners lead 2-0.
2	harry_styles take niall's guitar and play on stage at the show tomorrow.
2	final: king city 14, milan 12. walker mccallon huge 4th down defensive stop late in the 4th.
2	david wright and his best friend both ground out in the 9th
2	4ks for kershaw through 2. he may get 15 like chris sale did for the white sox a couple of weeks ago.
2	anyone interested in 2 foo fighters tickets for tomorrow night at wrigley field in the 200 level? $350
2	scott walker defends ted cruz after boehner 'jackass' comment: they may be running against each other in the r...
2	looking for someone to go to paul mccartney with in october anyone interested ? lol don't wanna go alone
2	psa i am stealing shawn tomorrow night. he will be returned in the morning of sunday. thank you.
2	someone on my tl just tweeted that liam is the 2nd oldest member of 1d nd i was about to correct her before i remembered that zayn quit
2	just informed by legal that when i talk wrestling on uupodcast tomorrow, i can't have the john cena theme play every time i say something.
2	dh news danks, white sox drop 2-0 decision to mariners: the chicago white sox managed just 4 hits friday night...
2	rousey vs holm moved to nov. 14 in australia. the ufc is going for their attendance record.
2	working these 11 a days lol about too pay off sergeidgt it's al.out time ps4 should be in the spot this thursday
2	i was made for loving you even though we may be hopeless hearts just passing through tori kelly ft. ed sheeran nowplaying
2	so it's totally possible rousey wins quickly in november (as usual) then headlines the vegas january 2nd card. danawhite
2	rousey will now defend her title against holly holm in the main event of ufc 193, which takes place nov. 14 at etihad stadium in australia.
2	janaehmariscal 2nd person didn't respond. zayn is gone but do u want calum?
2	ps4 horror game knock knock creeps to ps4 on september 10: a game created as the result of a mysterious email...
2	tbyrd423 i didn't watch it like i'm watching naruto but have i sat &amp; watched some episodes? yes
2	david wright went 2-for-5 with two singles and a run scored in friday's 10-inning loss to the red sox
2	q:in which year badr the 1st battle in the history of islam was fought? a. 624 ad b. 620 ad c. 626 ad answer a 624 ad gb_jiskani
2	carolinewood68 my liver needs a rest. i'm going to the foo fighters concert tomorrow. lol
2	camerondallas friday night... listening "cameron dallas" by shawn mendes while you are imegine if cameron dallas is your boyfriend
2	capt_jrod75 i'm about that xbox life fam. but i'm thinking about finding a deal for a ps4 on black friday. you?
2	tomorrow afternoon let's do raiding with subs on ps4. have not raided all week. links to follow in the morning.
2	proof84801544 by referring&amp; listening&amp; asking questions to dr zakir naik sb.it may helps you to wash away your misconceptions about islam.
2	james: "why can't big brother just throw us a coup d'etat?" meg: "seriously!" james: "...and on thursday we'll have the last laugh." bb17
2	first we got doniya and now trisha. i'm waiting for zayn with waliyha and yasser so i can fly my ass to thee sun.
2	the rousey fight got pushed up to november... still time for holm to fake an injury, before ronda injures her ufc193
2	friday night and i'm just chillen eating dunkin with jay waiting to see mars
2	milan's overthetop lipsynch was funny the 1st time but 2nd just seems like she's trying too hard ruvealed rupaulsdragrace rupaulsdragrace
2	the ufc moved up the rondarousey vs _hollyholm fight to nov. 14 in australia. rousey is always ready to fight ufc193 andstill
2	rt: tv show ratings: rookie blue dips to a new low on thursday: big brother and under the dome hold t... xfactor
2	is this "adele's new album dropping in november" just another frank ocean
2	if i see zayn on sunday i think i will pass the fuck out !
2	ed sheeran, tinie tempah and rixton wow audiences at the fusion festival on friday - bi...
2	1dinsidereport haven't you heard, zayn an louis got married in thailand. just ask the sun
2	if you can see chuck norris, he can see you. if you can't see chuck norris, you may be only seconds away from death.
2	kingjacobbeats you going to shawn jawn tomorrow
2	wisconsin gov. scott walker stumbled through a question friday about whether he would meet with representatives of the black lives matter
2	today from the silkroads: new saks 5th avenue store now open for business - not in nyc, paris or milan, but almaty
2	damonmartin underdog holm has less time to prepare for rousey. not calling conspiracy just saying she's not ready. jan 2 was too soon. mma
2	25th anniversary ps4 - now worth about a tenth of its value as i'm actually using it.
2	caitlyn jenner might get sued for $18.5m in malibu incident: washington d.c., aug 29 : adding to the caitlyn j...
2	of all of the promises of scifi i never thought we'd see big brother come to light... fb we'll be like uk soon
2	milan vs empoli preview: will the rossoneri bounce back on saturday night? - milanempoli serieatim
2	meatwadzone on ps4...... streakbum madden 16 is all about throwing up the ball on 3rd down and getting lucky.
2	i hope gatlin only *appeared* tired in the 4x100. will need his best for finals. gay killed that 3rd leg though. leggo! usatf beijing2015
2	milan, aug 27 (reuters) - fiat chrysler chief sergio marchionne is preparing to take over as chief executive at ferrari ahead of the
2	this helps the stadium show but doesn't help holm who now has less time to prepare for rousey.
2	ryanshoey kane and bentaleb were always gonna breakthrough, too talented not to, bentaleb should be 4th choice with class in front of him
2	wait, espn sat down gehrig38 for speaking against radical islam? uhm, guys, in case you haven't seen the tapes....
2	carter handing off 1st...but bromell gonna be close... gay might give us the lead...n bolt may have to chase
2	stuartmcmillan1 gay couldn't get it to rodgers. china rallied for 3rd.
2	poor usa rodgers fucked it up. not gay's fault. gatlin was rapid. congrats jamaica china canada for 1st,2nd,3rd 4x100 relay iaaf
2	hear me and hear me well saints, these "cult-leaders" may be forcing "conversions" on christians in the dark? but...
2	kyle seager went 3-for-4 with a solo home run and a walk in friday's win over the white sox. mariners mlb
2	tom wilhelmsen locked down his fifth save of the season with a perfect ninth inning in friday's 2-0 win over the white sox. mariners mlb
2	jc turned water into wine, died for our sins and raised from the dead on a sunday godbless (jc = john cena)
2	lady cougars soccer up 2-0 vs milan on goals by roark_maddie and lucycooper26. 30 minutes left in the 1st half
2	kris bryant is 16th in mlb in war as a rookie. love when people say he's having a bad year
2	shawn will perform at best buy theater on the 8th of september along with his island records family. islandlifenyc
2	all of these commercials about zayn in the vmas... we may never know until sunday
2	it was just a "man" that executed a texas deputy: if i may ... seems a black and gay man can be outed when ...
2	garryaylott yeah that's what i heard. big call of duty player and all of the new maps come out for ps4 first so may move across.
2	do you want tickets to ed sheeran in houston on sept 3? enter our facebook contest here: edsheeran
2	wish i could see the foo fighters at wrigley tonight but they put on one of the best shows thursday!
2	_swaggy_pete reasons. that may convince others their real purpose. now peping's already there, eid also. now it's becoming more political
2	is anybody going to see shawn in new york on september 8th?
2	i am sure it will be hot...shame she can't go up against sam smith...so they both will dominate
2	ufc has done it again, stacked their deck to the gills, &amp; unfortunately robbie lawler is the 1st to have to bow out. ufc 193 gets rousey.
2	ha. it may not say it on the case but starting up mgsv, kojima's name is on the ps4's game start-up image.
2	** i'm not finished with naruto so my next tweet may not be 100% true, so correct me if i am wrong please!
2	an gay man though may not be cr!minal, 0ne or m0re less had m0re than an n0rmal l!fe epxerience in the pasta.
2	tedcruz you do realize that the 1st amendment doesn't just apply to christians, right?
2	i've sat in the same spot for three hours watching meeting shawn experiences on youtube...
2	david wright / wright is out of the lineup saturday but will return sunday,: wright is out of the lineup ... mlb
2	rousey fight changed to nov. no big deal. they could fight tomorrow and it would be the same result.
2	harry kane and barkley are the most overhyped english talents going. 2nd season syndrome for kane for sure
2	david wright is not in the mets starting lineup for saturday's game against the red sox. mets
2	berrysus for sure my ninja hit me up wednesday if you're not doing anything i'm gonna have to stop smoking in october but im gucci til then
2	harry kane may be a noble prince but he can't score goals without his army behind him aka why is kane always alone up front cmon guys ugh
2	thfc_spurs kane he may be able he feckin aint what a touch for a bug man kanescomedygold
2	a mong he may be, but if kane can produce last seasons form consistently then england have a goal scorer for 10+ years
2	wanted to go to dunkin to get donuts but i do not want to see that place until monday after my 64 hour effing week shit
2	simonhfootball yep, kolarov and wilson are two i want in for sure. may even get shot of eriksen as kane isn't scoring.
2	i'm going to realalicecooper at mediolanum forum in milan, italy - nov 10
2	everyone jumping on wazza's back before wed night yet nothing been said about kane?
2	livenationswe hello, is it possible there will be a ticket drop for u2 in stockholm september 17? u2 u2ietour
2	credit where it's due that is a good ball by mason but i would say the ball is made by kane's run. he'll score 2 in the 2nd half.
2	lord_sugar he will see him only to sign a cheque for me pogba and stones!.......careful, we may come for kane as well
2	sting is not being advertised for any raw events leading up to his wwe title match with seth rollins at noc on sept 20th in houston
2	bensonicz yea,i still rmmbr what kane said, word for word,he was on stage he said 'austin,this sunday the blood on you will be for real"
2	ice cube son can play craig in the next friday coming out
2	waiting for milan vs empoli, hope for the 1st 3 points of the season.. forzamilan
2	lukebburgess not true. kanes sitter, mason had 2 great chances and kane had another in the 2nd!
2	me:went on a ride with chels in the corvette and got dunkin ettessilmarie: just went makeup shopping neither of us are ready for tomorrow
2	sloader300 what were mason's 2 good chances? kane's 2nd (was that the one creeated by chadli, where he had 4 bodies to shoot through)?
2	mason's 1st, ball going away from goal and mason has to use his left. kane's 2nd chance had to pick through 3/4 bodies. toby's header...
2	mhammadsabra first his young, you cant use his stats. 2nd shu khas milan? doesnt mean that was good business wt they did.
2	guyfarmer1978 lol, true. the other striker you do have were trying to take off your hands by tuesday, lol!! kane has lost his confidence!
2	naruto_databayo courtney walked into the shop as she sat down looking at some papers then looked up "naruto? are you okay?"
2	might have to start watching new sports when united announce kane on tuesday. that will end my love affair with football.
2	i think it's nice shawn is trying. as annoying as it may be
2	keith_russell kane. still remember the deadline day swoop for berba. something similar to happen on tuesday, maybe?
2	milaneye milan must score in the 2nd half
2	on this day in august 29, 2011~ raw: randy orton vs. dolph ziggler
2	v sad bc a bunch of people are meeting shawn in san diego and i'm laying in my couch watching the day after tomorrow in spanish
2	dont know what all the worry about kane is for,we all know he doesnt start his season till november!coys
2	on this day in august 29, 2011~ raw: john cena &amp; sheamus vs. christian &amp; mark henry
2	drew hutchison is in great company with 13 wins, tying him with mark buehrle &amp; david price. here's to mark adding to his total sunday. jays
2	the only pandora stations to choose from at my work are ed sheeran, coldplay &amp; jack johnson i may commit suicide before the end of the day
2	ollyofficial thexfactor your mate should got through. after all he could sing look at zayn when he 1st auditioned. x
2	if you need them gucci foams let me know by wednesday , i'm plugged in
2	tomorrow i wil go back to milan lol i don't want to tbh
2	black ops iii beta looked a lot better on ps4 than on xbox one. i hope that isn't the case come november.
2	witsel's interm.: "the player wants to join milan, and if milan want him he would be ready to be in italy and wear the milan shirt tomorrow"
2	bad blood is winning voty tomorrow (even though it should've been blank space)
2	if it were blank space up for 7 awards tomorrow taylor would sweep but since it's bad blood she'll probably only win 5/10
2	witsel's agent:"he wants to join acmilan,he already talked with zenit.if milan is interested too he's ready to fly to italy tomorrow".
2	photoset: myniallerproblems: oh my gawd - vancouver, bc | july 17, 2015 niall will be the death of me
2	tomorrow is the last day on bo3 beta, noooo give one more day on ps4, x1 and pc pleaseeeee!!!! i dont wanna go to aw!!! davidvonderhaar
2	gay and christian: what the bible really says - 2 part sermon september 13 and 20 - trinity ucc, concord. 11am....
2	i just got tix to jason aldean: burn it down tour on sep 4. let the countdown begin! livenation
2	so if floyd mayweather wins against berto &amp; ultimately ends up retiring undefeated he will be the 13th undefeated fighter in boxing history
2	15th and the first by gucci &amp; waka would get god to rip some shots
2	if you don't like sam smith you may actually be satan himself
2	didn't it take kane until, like, november to score his first pl goal last season?
2	marcus_hoops i'm gucci! do you work tomorrow?
2	who's going to be at zac brown band next sunday?
2	bbcmotd kane should stop chasing da' goal, stay calm goals will come automatic, may be he'll get a hatick next game who knows
2	witsel intermediary: if milan wants witsel than he is ready to land in italy tomorrow or today.
2	david wright is expected to be back in the lineup tomorrow. yoenis cespedes and travis d'arnaud will likely get tomorrow off.
2	may or may not have gotten my mom into the john cena meme
2	news: the mtv vmas are tomorrow. enjoy this look back at the 1992 awards with nirvana performing ... keepgrunge
2	dear future shawn you're going to be so hungover tomorrow
2	another quick inning for kuma in the 2nd as the mariners lead the white sox, 3-0. seager will open the 3rd inning.
2	"or maybe apple will bring u2 back. we're kidding. u2 is totally not going to come back" haha
2	slider to center by mark trumbo and that will do for the top 3rd. mariners lead white sox, 4-0.
2	ed sheeran floor seats. 3 tickets available. sept 3rd. let me know if you're interested.
2	mgs v: ground zeroes (ps4) will be monday! sorry for the last minute change! &lt;3 heroofgaming
2	dirty heads, slightly stoopid, and the expendables sep 10th and paul mccartney oct 13? i can fux with that
2	if ed sheeran does a surprise performance with someone tomorrow at the vmas refer back to this tweet
2	so if anyone wants to bring me donuts or anything on monday id be gucci with it.
2	remember "kris bryant is cub's albert pujols?" in his 1st season albert ops+ of 157, 37 hr 130 rbi (it's not even close) stlcards
2	stjohnspriest i agree, we went to see the foo fighters monday at dte and they came on thirty minutes after the opening act.
2	"when the sun says 1d is gonna split yall get mad but when they said zayn ended zerrie with a text yall believe it ok"
2	white sox cut the mariners lead to 5-2 in the 6th and that's it for kuma. final line: 5.2 ip, 7 h, 2 r, 4 bb &amp; 6 k.
2	margolis64 but i guess the ps4 may have it too. we have a ''media player'', and we can transfer songs to share factory using a usb drive.
2	moremorley sonyakennedy yeah but then again kane has respect for abby and still butts heads with her so it may happen
2	hauschka is $ from 27 yards out. seahawks up 13-6 with 6:19 left in the 3rd. seavssd and my the mariners still lead the white sox, 5-2.
2	two more runs get cashed in the 8th by the white sox, 7-5 ball game with runners at the corner and two outs.
2	we leave runners stranded at the corners, but come up with 4 in the 8th. white sox head to the 9th trailing 7-6.
2	okay the fact that jay finally made and ig acct and is already saying his 1st is also his last... c'mon shawn
2	going back to school on monday and gonna get threw it by listening to shawn all day schoolphotoselfie
2	yall nicki and bey both performing at the vmas tomorrow night.
2	despite scoring 4 in the 8th, white sox couldn't overcome an early deficit. a 2-run hr by kyle seager and rbis by...
2	my heart hurts i really need to shawn when he goes on my bday to texas in october i hope i find tickets some how:(
2	just saw milan v empoli, happy for 1st win of the season but mid is terrible, completely agree with miha's post match comments. acmilan
2	katie: "let's watch friday night lights." mom: "let's watch the new nicholas sparks movie." me: "well i wanna watch naruto..." "gtfo ethan."
2	guys can we kill the john cena meme please. i see enough of him on monday nights.
2	former bristol white sox pitcher james casey with 3 catches for 30 yards on saturday for broncos in preseason game. piratesnbristol
2	photoset: thepalmtoptiger: are we going to talk about the fact that zayn has the sun/sunray motif on his...
2	supposedly this is niall and liam doing a tease of the 5th album
2	like when i had to reset my ps4 cuz monica erased everything. i just sat and cried for like 20 minutes but i got over it :)
2	i know there may be jews that still hate christians, but we owe our knowledge of the savior and the bible to israel.
2	i just want someone i can vibe with &amp; most of girls expect gucci and michael kors bags.. c'mon now let me get a real job first.
2	there are 6 or 7 4th graders in the room next to me, for the brother's sleepover. they keep listening to katy perry.
2	brock lesnar may have made undertaker tap out at summerslam but he can never make mean mark callous tap out wrestlemania 32 he returns wwe
2	i sat at a table next to marcalmond yesterday. took every ounce of restraint for me to not try to strike up a convo about scott walker
2	shawnmendes tomorrow i will continue salkeandote i'll go to sleep, good night shawn, i want you to rest.
2	saturday night: paul mccartney's solo album spinning on the crosley and a pile of graphic novels from the library in bed under xmas lights
2	when the delegation of najran, who were christians, came to prophet muhammad, may infinite divine salutations and...
2	remember when cooper kylah and i did the talent show together in like 4th grade to katy perry
2	sun aug 30 06:49:19 +0000 2015 "roman_empire_76: breaking news rock is return on monday night raw with help wweromanreigns and dean ambrose now compilation is equal
2	my top 3 are probably: granny chiyo &amp; sakura vs sasori, guy vs kissame (the 2nd time) and naruto vs pain.
2	beyonce nicki and miley are gonna be at the vmas tomorrow but i bet you she'll stay with nick or like pharrell ddlovato if you dare
2	it's sunday, guess i should be prepared for christians tweets the whole day.
2	_mrcuddles *wwe monday might raw because of the goat john cena
2	hulk hogan: 'i want to be trump's running mate. vice president hogan' - washington times
2	last time i hit so hard, so glad sam smith was with me. now for the 2nd time, i fell &amp; weeped, so swerte coz jessie ware was crying with me
2	moto g 3rd gen vs xiaomi mi 4i : who hold the best place in market ? - via shareaholic
2	takahashi rio, one of the ensemble for live spectacle naruto, was katsuo of seigaku 5th gen in tenimyu 1st season
2	nickroxnrx well, i hope this is the case. i don't have a ps4 at the moment, but i may get the pc version.
2	happy b day cash_teeter1 made it home gucci i better see you tomorrow fool!
2	self-driving car nirvana may be further away than you think jjn1 guardian
2	video: floyd mayweather surprised members of the press in attendance at his media workout wednesday mayweatherberto
2	what are the sun trying to say about zayn?...
2	zendaya 1st love the icon. 2ndly i kno ure in the bad blood mv but even ts voted 4 someone else! worthitvma
2	andrewgreif concern's having 5th guy who can play cb; kane's natural safety but he played some cb in camp unless others like tyree will 2/2
2	axelwitsel28 we want you to milan tomorrow !!!
2	treyarch are you going to extend the bo3beta till monday like you did with the ps4 for xbox one and pc
2	presidents if that's true then zayn hasn't left the band so you're okay. wait till march, life might fall apart, sry
2	imagine zayn comes out on the 2nd part of cfmf
2	grimstoyshow are you going to meet dean ambrose at iplay america next saturday
2	junaidjamshedpk may allah rabulizzat accepts all your efforts u made in the path to spread the msg of islam n prophet muhammad saw,ameen
2	if chelsea pull off a pogba deal tomorrow i am going to run on the pitch if i go to juve game with a milan top on singing milan anthem.
2	kelseygraceling i'm pretty sure it's like katy perry's last friday night
2	similar ...i hope u bring some conducive news in relation :d ..i heard he wants milan, just like draxler wanted juve
2	teekosey i'm optimistic about son. looks like a great finisher and to have another goal threat may open up some space for kane
2	- finallynero 352ng kvg___ still the talk is world class. dinho was still world class then. 2nd season at milan, seems you forget so soon
2	lovenkrands11 my gay friend steff met you on friday can i get a retweet
2	brighteyedpezza hold on the source that said zayn dumped perrie over text was also the sun and 99% of lm fans believe it!
2	being gay is a struggle. the person u like may never have mutual feelings bc she's straight sheskindahotvma
2	davidvonderhaar treyarch extension on xbox one beta and increase level cap? no work tomorrow. (ps4 had problems, they got extra day)
2	ronda rousey looking to break several records at ufc 193 - with rousey now facing holly holm in november, she has ...
2	"1dcrew_phil: new harry, louis, niall, and liam backstage with fans at otradetroit (aug 29, 2015). 70
2	tom wilhelmsen picked up his sixth save saturday against the white sox: tom wilhelmsen picked up his sixth sav...
2	philsusty gay marriage never existed before the last 15 years. the left acts like the people and states should no say in a 10th amend issue
2	nyt editorial claims john kasich might be appealing to swing voters, while admitting he's a social conservative.
2	that sax on katy perry's last friday night tho. hrd kenny g was behind it
2	super eagles skipper and lille goalkeeper, vincent enyeama celebrated his 33rd birthday on saturday, with his...
2	legmeervogels14 hey! the release for ps4 and xbox one is the 1st and the pc release will be at the 17th! 1/2
2	musicality / sam smith - i've told you now trying to create new choreo. may i tatry ako sa september 1.
2	. alirazamangi ha ha , good luck, tomorrow if ik says you gay is islamic defend tht too &amp; worship him more .ok
2	luckily the boys don't have a show tomorrow, really hope niall will feel better soon :(
2	lauralacole ... make huge sacrifices. croke park is the 3rd largest stadium in europe. ed sheeran concerts were there recently.
2	he may be the best choice for christians, but he'd be a better one if he wasnt so cuddly with israel. im referring
2	everybody wanna be christians on sundays but what about monday-saturday?
2	nicki dead hasn't sat in an audience of an award show (besides bet) in awhile. she can't be bothered with those yts.
2	go ahead scott walker, build a canada border wall. make sure it's secure enough to keep america out.
2	time to man up, reince -- we the people want to hear from carly fiorina. don't kowtow to cnn. if it's broke, fix it
2	imma get the full star wars saga bundle on ps4 today for the lil guys birthday this friday.
2	you gonna do an article about this like you have with kane after 4? skyfootball
2	kazmila kcizao yes, download avaiable 30 aug, but after can't play. waiting 1 sep . you read this in ps4 after finish download. good luck
2	oomf just tweeted we bring wayne rooney back from belgium that his next goal may be when caitlyn jenner changes back to a man
2	codnextgen that early. ps4 didn't close til the servers til tuesday. what gives?
2	pga shot tracker is awful. dustin johnson apparently hit one 3 feet from the hole on his 2nd shot, but somehow has a bogey now
2	niall cares about the price of tickets because they are very expensive as if an angel love, though i may not also go -_- niallofficial
2	taylor swift is putting feud rumors to rest! on saturday, the "bad blood" singer surprised fans when she brought...
2	wwe to reveal statue for seth rollins on monday's raw? - - it looks like we may finally get the missing statue of ...
2	scott walker wants a wall between usa and canada pull the ottawan. i'll have nunavat. yukon not be serious.
2	dunkin gets pumpkin spice tomorrow so if you need me i'll be there getting an iced coffee the size of my head
2	sunday cinema | paul mccartney &amp; david gilmour - paul mccartney continues to stay out there as the former member o...
2	john lamb gives up a solo home run to ryan braun in the 1st.
2	ryan braun lines his 24th homer of the year to give brewers 1-0 lead over reds in the first inning at miller park.
2	brewers on the board in the 1st against the reds thanks to a solo shot from ryan braun, his 24th.
2	ryan braun gives the brewers an early lead with a solo hr to left in the 1st. 1-0 crew over the reds
2	the_paris_angel if citeh beat lyon in the champions league final in milan in may you promise to get an 'rip cecil' back tattoo?
2	tomorrow the last day of the transfers and players like zacca,noce,matri are still in milan. umbertogandini
2	you already know every senior is rolling up with dunkin tomorrow
2	its been a n.w.a and solo ice cube music kinda day...gonna watch straight outta compton tomorrow.
2	h0ranc0cain7 i had to drop a finger cause zayn is gone and it was like march 25th all over again.
2	deep in a dream - chet baker - [chet baker with fifty i] milan, italy, september 28, 1959-09-28 chetbaker
2	good to see a chicken hawk like scott walker can rattle the sabres when he never risked anything
2	i just bought a few replacement fall decor items from michaels and according to dunkin's fb page, i can put them up starting tomorrow.
2	london, aug 24 (reuters) - british finance minister george osborne will take the government's campaign for reform of the european union to
2	keith_russell bensmith130 both young, talented with potential. kane's 1st season was ace, struggled since. martial still raw.risks in both
2	barry and alan are on your sunday night request show and about to launch into some nirvana and "come as you are" head banging optional...
2	on his birthday, chuck norris randomly selects one lucky child to be thrown into the sun.
2	pope's sunday angelus: "if the heart doesn't change, we aren't true christians"...
2	interesting to see where the likes of: pogba, de gea, austin, kane, berahino, benzema, wanyama, stones, borini end up come wednesday morning
2	lots of total bases today for ryan braun as he hits a triple in 8th inning, already has a home run sunday. brewers
2	melky cabrera homers in 7th to tie the game 4-4. white sox still batting.
2	is the 20th anniversary ps4 still the coolest special edition console ever?
2	sunday creeper sunday and the top 50 hitters, week 21 - don't worry, i'm not going to talk about u2. i already go ...
2	i liked a youtube video wwe raw, brock lesnar and paul heyman addressed the ending of summerslam, aug 24,
2	brock lesnar's 2nd signature must be dominating since it's a suplex wweimmortals
2	pimpronron heifer109 i'm sure those pictures have been altered. reagan never sat with muslims. right?
2	i have 2 tickets for jason aldean, cole swindell, and tyler farr on september 3rd. text me if you want them
2	error on mariners ss miller and the white sox tie it 5-5 with 2 outs in the bottom of the 9th.
2	white sox tie it up, mariners 5, white sox 5 bottom 9th
2	juliechen hi julie! i was wondering if i may have your email, i would like to ask you something privately, it has to do with big brother.
2	after a delay late in the 2nd half team kane trails team stamkos 14-15
2	roma stun juve as chievo crush lazio: milan (afp) - juventus's early season woes continued on sunday with a 2-...
2	dallas folks - we have 2 extra tickets for ed sheeran on sept 5. suite level, platinum parking, $150 each. let me know if you want them!
2	saladinio's rbi in the 11th lifts white sox to 6-5 win over mariners
2	is anyone else reading that zayn may be performing at the vmas with the weeknd? i'm not emotionally ready for that.
2	if i rise tomorrow and there's no sign of 1) zayn throwing a public tantrum or 2) nicki taking over the world then i'm checking out of life
2	i'm sad about going into 6th year so i'm watching john cena videos and it's helping so much
2	tancredipalmeri milan want him to but for a loan..but zenit just want to sell so we will see tomorrow what will happen italian.spurs i hope
2	stacegots i feel like bomani vs. rovell intellectually is roughly equivalent to rousey vs. a 4th grader in the octagon.
2	white sox: 10th walk-off win of season is 2nd-most in mlb (cubs with 12 entering sunday)
2	gop candidate scott walker wants to make a wall between canada and the u.s. good luck making that wall between nov and march.
2	infinityinq any idea or best guess when the ps4 digital download might go live on monday?
2	how many times does naruto say "believe it" in one episode? the world may never know.
2	well, now that i think of it i'm gonna sleep and watch it on youtube tomorrow or something, zayn's not worth my extreme fatigue anymore
2	the pumpkin spice comes back tomorrow at dunkin. time to pumpkin spice all the things.
2	triguy58 stonekettle all mountain naming decisions are delegated to chuck norris by the 2nd amendment
2	gay dogs may make you horny but just pan lions makes you cum
2	attempting to outflank trump's mexican wall, scott walker will build canadian wall. but what about guam, hawaii?
2	netnewsledger last friday night: katy perry cover show encore performance, friday, september 11 at the foundry...
2	last day of august, waiting for frank ocean to pull a beyonce.
2	it's and i return from milan now page tomorrow restart at 8 am with the resul o all sunday and this night
2	tomorrow morning on good morning america... hulk hogan ...i cannot say enough about this guy and what he has done for so many.
2	my history teacher skipped school friday to see the foo fighters
2	kitchen is clean, laundry is in the washer, kids are in bed, school bags ready for tomorrow. watching big brother then going to bed
2	is nobody going to see ed sheeran this thursday or..
2	the cubs jump out in front to a 2-0 lead off a kris bryant 2-run hr in the 1st. sundaynightbaseball chcvslad
2	kris bryant belts his 21st home run of the year. 2-0, cubs.
2	kris bryant just broke a baseball
2	i'm just gonna have to find a video/audio of zayn's performance tomorrow
2	don't miss the free roxane gay lecture thursday at 7 pm at trinity united methodist church in savannah! rgay visitsavannah billdawers
2	unseen || picture of zayn with his family on august 29th!!
2	debating if i wanna have milan birthday party on the 14th or 21st of november..
2	kris bryant...so what was scott bora$ bitchin' about? wow! 2-0 cubs in chc/lad top 2nd
2	i don't think nicki's pregnant. stomach was flat again in the side view. think she was just sticking her butt out in the 1st pic.
2	bb_updates james may not be a good big brother player but he is a great comedian, both intentional and unintentional
2	photoset: august 30: shawn with fifth harmony on the vmas red carpet
2	scott walker's shifting position on the common core education standards via politifactwisc
2	tomorrow at work, when people talk to me, i'm just going to slap my crotch and twerk in response. see if i get the same reaction nicki did.
2	boy...kenryn just asked me if nicki goin march in a second line...lmaoo
2	taylor told nicki weeks ago she can come on stage if she wins an award &amp; nicki was "nah bitch ima bring you on stage so i can do it 1st"
2	nicki carried taylor so much in that performance, tomorrow she's going to need a nicki massage. vmas
2	nicki may look hollywood, but you hear every bit of new york when she opens her mouth.
2	big brother season 17, episode 30 recap: for the few of you who visited the site on thursday looking for... bb17
2	nicki is gonna open with trini dem girls on the pinkprint tour in south africa on the 2nd leg
2	cue the "christians" in the comments, those oblivious to gwb carnage just in "homeland."
2	i may hate me some taylor swift, miley cyrus, and katy perry but i love some carrie underwood because she know how to stay in her lane.
2	part of me thinks nicki is so serious about her attitude towards miley tho. she may be cool with her but she was a little serious. vmas
2	nicki may need a wardrobe change if she plans on winning anything else tonight. vmas
2	i want nicki to fight miley on a national awards show so bad and tonight may be the night
2	1st time i've watched the vmas in years .. what, did nicki just....
2	literally 1st time i've ever watched the vmas. miley called nicki out on her crap, and i respect that. sorrynotsorry suckitupnicki
2	nicki just gave this pastor a shout out but didn't attend sunday school last sunday. man please.
2	stop it nicki said all that behind a smile
2	like miley said she didn't look into everything but she thought nicki may have been subbing her but she didn't know for sure. her words.
2	naidej_ i'll tell you more tomorrow but miley was throwing shade at nicki and nicki just called her out
2	i'm team nicki but i would never openly say something bad about taylor swift because i think she may have snipers on retainer.
2	i think sure nicki may have been joking though, if she had real beef i feel like it would be a lil scarier.
2	scott walker in interview sunday "that building a wall along the northern border with canada is legitimate issue that merits further review"
2	moment of silence for all barbz that will get bombarded by their teachers and classmates talking about nicki tomorrow.
2	watching the vmas tomorrow just so i can watch nicki call miley out on her dumb shit
2	future need to rush the stage &amp; perform "march madness" in some gucci flip flops
2	dad shouldn't buy a brand new ps4 on a sunday afternoon and then expect me to do my homework instead of playing on it all night
2	meek about to have a 2nd wave coming from twitter bc nicki came harder without a song haha
2	y'all, she may have made a pop album, but nicki can kill almost anyone in this industry right now. gun to the head of everybody.
2	snaps to nicki! i may not like her but get it
2	all the talk will be about nicki and miley tomorrow. nothing else has been talk worthy. vmas
2	sorry mom i can't go to school tomorrow, i need time to cope with nicki killing miley
2	ask a kid watching the vmas where they were when nicki called miley out...now ask them what happen nov 22 1963 (crickets). sosad
2	kanye and nicki are the reason they may have to do away with award shows. you say it's about artists but you two always make it about you.
2	be prepared to listen about nicki and miley tomorrow at school, or maybe kanye
2	i was gonna spend this time reading the article i was assigned for class tomorrow but it's been 40 minutes n i'm still screaming about nicki
2	seniorquote "i don't know about today, i don't know about tomorrow, but just do how you feel at the time" - kanye west, a true intellectual
2	my twitter feed has dissolved into people shouting in capitals about kanye west. happy monday everyone!
2	i'm leaving for milan tomorrow, and realizing i should be sleeping cuz it's 5am there rn, and still night here.....
2	everyone turning into kanye west fans just for today and then going to forget about him tomorrow smh
2	kanye west to do list: -become a legendary rapper/icon -run for president -take over the world -resurrect on the 3rd day
2	all while kanye west carried on with his speech!!! vmas
2	listening to that kanye west was like staring at the sun... for a bit too long.
2	kim may have broken the internet with her body...but kanye west just broke twitter with his speech. kanyeforpresident2020 vmas
2	bet money the headline from that acceptance speech tomorrow is just gonna be "kanye west high at the vma's"
2	only going to school tomorrow because nicki told me to...
2	dodgers are 4th in fewest days between no-hitters with 9 days. the white sox lead with 1.
2	i can't wait to watch the news tomorrow" last night the crazy ignorant over arrogant kanye west speaks out crazy as always " abc broadcaster
2	no really nicki may have been the only black female artist we saw tonight
2	mtv set kanye west up w/the perfect opportunity to rebound from the taylor swift shenanigans &amp; instead he sat on the ball &amp; spinned. unreal
2	imagine if you sat next to caitlyn jenner at like a restaurant .... i'd die
2	write 2020 on your hand tomorrow if you support kanye west running for president. kanyewestforpresident2020 kanyewestforpresident
2	when y'all can write lyrics that come close to tupac, ice cube, or eminem then and only then you may get my attention
2	so basically tomorrow nicki gonna beat miley's ass, bieber gonna get a hair cut, and kanye's campaign posters are going up everywhere vmas
2	tomorrow all the headlines are going to be about how nicki had such an ~aggressive outburst~
2	i start school tomorrow and i'm here watching kanye rant, miley and nicki go at it and tori kelly blow the roof out of the vmas
2	kanye west may not technically be a millennial, but i think he'd agree he's part of the greatest generation of all time. vmas vmabert
2	final thought: at some point kanye west sat down his wife kim kardashian and said he wanted to run for president. what a time to be alive...
2	yeah that's just what i wanted...hearing about kanye west non-stop heading into a monday. not
2	yall act like nicki really finna mess up taylor's moment ............for the 2nd time again. vmas
2	cassiehanuschak did you see that paul mccartney is coming to columbus in october
2	everybody worried about kanye west running for president in 5 years but i still don't know what i'm eating for breakfast tomorrow
2	jonnystarlight i almost went ps4 route but decided seeing how nfl is sponsored by one, it may be slightly better on the one instead of 4
2	when taylor joined nicki i just sat there like.....
2	nickiminaj sat here and rewatched nicki's opening and that is all for tonight
2	can't wait to see the lame ass "think pieces" about how nicki is "an angry black woman" and how she was "mean" to miley tomorrow
2	shawn and brooklyn sat next to eachother the whole time and when i sat down they took a selfie
2	xboxp3 xbox i think not working closely with treyarch will hurt the brand, the beta has people buying &amp; intending on buying ps4's for nov
2	like my career goal may not be exactly kanye west, but he's part of it
2	nessaa51 it's all gucci i'll be at school tomorrow
2	bet when nicki sat down next to meek she said "now thats how you handle a beef nigga" vmas nickiminaj
2	nicki sat on a throne made of men. swift sang with nicki (cause it was nicki's show shut up). nicki dragged miley. nicki won.
2	i'm gonna go buy a canvas tomorrow n paint nicki dragging miley thru the mud
2	remember this when you watch the news stories about nicki tomorrow morning.
2	just took way too many pictures of niall on saturday but that's not a surprise
2	okay....i'll admit it...taylor did a good job performing with nicki...i will be performing my own lobotomy tomorrow....bye
2	remember that time wayne ran across the show to help nicki up the stairs but tn meek just sat in his seat while my mom had to wait for rebel
2	i just realized today is sunday y'all nicki and kanye were preachin to the choir
2	shawn got up when macklemore sat down and he came over so nervous and shook his hand and said "hi nice to meet you i'm shawn mendes"
2	i do have some complaints about this this beautiful sunday night. first, miley handled that well. nicki should be...
2	kanye west may just have gotten into a bad batch of flakka. good night. prayers up!
2	kim kardashian may have broke the internet but kanye west just broke twitter west2020
2	when you gotta read a chapter of a book and then write a 4 page paper on it but you're just jamming to nirvana. tomorrow's gonna be sick.
2	should i read my spanish textbook and then the seventy pages of paper towns due tomorrow, or should i watch netflix?... i choose netflix....
2	so i think we all know who the donkey of the day is going to be tomorrow... (cough cough) kanye west
2	2pac may be dead but there is someone alive and kicking, you know who this is, kanye west.
2	kanye west announces run for president at vmas, twitter responds: sunday evening, kanye west took the vma stag...
2	so provided twitch will work with me, i'll try to do a short stream for mgs5 (ps4) on 12:30am (eastern us time) this tuesday.
2	shout out to the person that's going to quit a job tomorrow morning because of that kanye west speech.
2	nicki does not have the time to be shady she will deadass drop the tea on ya lap and let you get a 3rd degree burn
2	30 august: taylor swift accepting her award for blank space with the bad blood squad at the mtv vma red carpet
2	gatheringcopal lol it just seems like nicki like to really take things to the 3rd nipple. miley, mariah, kim, taylor, list goes on
2	he may be a little full of himself at times, but kanye west is an inspiration
2	zeebo_90 is it true pumpkin is back tomorrow at dunkin?!
2	y'all want kanye west to die 1st to appreciate him?
2	school tomorrow is gonna be fired up ha! you got something to say bad about nicki? prepare your argument you're bout to get shut down
2	lmao i forgot to workout tonight. ehh i'll just watch naruto and workout tomorrow night
2	when ice cube dropped the friday reference, straight gold
2	scott walker may want a wall on the canadian border. "we must guard against civility and common sense entering america" absrdnews
2	do you guys remember that not too long ago nicki was like one of the most hated artist.. during her pink friday album
2	kanye west . i'm just imagining his wife as 1st lady. kim in the whitehouse will we know every inch of the whitehouse thru insta!
2	nicki fighting all the rich flat ass divas 1st taylor swift now miley cyrus
2	storyline : kanye west - i am running for president ........ taylorswift may have won the most moonmans on...
2	vertivangogh i may watch them just to see why people are saying nicki called out miley lol. that was probably deserved.
2	kanye west and kim kardashian share a laugh during the show on sunday night
2	watch nicki call miley out. watch miley's reaction. watch rebel's "whoa" in the background. c'mon, buzzfeed. let us collectively get a life.
2	george osborne likes to preach his twisted views in the sun as he knows that vast majority reading it have no critical thinking capability
2	august 30: selena with taylor swift &amp; the bad blood cast on the red carpet of the 2015 mtv video music awards 1
2	naruto_databayo "i'm sorry...that guy i think has just gotten to me is all.." she sat smiling towards naruto "but please do not worry.."
2	i was just stalking nicki's ig and now i have to work out for 18 hours tomorrow
2	lovemilkovich if speeds aren't an issue on your pc and laptop it may be an issue with the ps4 - have you tried disconnecting all...
2	today is my last day in bellagio bc we're spending the day in milan tomorrow im gonna be so sad leaving this place
2	new mkx patch coming soon to ps4, xbox one. jacqui buff confirmed?! what else do you want to see? mortalkombatx
2	people are reporting that the destiny free trial for ps4 on the ps store may well be the complete base game, as...
2	rtlee1 dbacks johnny cueto, scoot kazmir,david price, cole hamels. if they had a top pitcher in the a`s 3 games may be they would have won
2	andre berto explains why he can defeat floyd mayweather on 12 september: floyd mayweather has not lost a singl...
2	kanye west announced he was running for president in 2020 during the mtv vmas on sunday. the bold declaration...
2	vmas kanye west should have the special title of "sunday dagboru" of d industry
2	mantova-milan on thursday: milan to play a friendly at the martelli stadium.
2	tarekfatah tark may become another suleman rushdi as he thinks negativity rather positivity of islam which is also a abnormal phenomenon.
2	i'm going to be so jealous on friday when i watch my friend buy his ps4, haha. oh well
2	thefuse984 tayloreightysix wanjiral awesome monday..... no blues :) is it safe to request iron maiden's speed of light?
2	newtopic brewers vs. reds: sunday game report: ryan braun hit .326 with six doubles, a triple, five ... brewers
2	i have a ticket for sale to ed sheeran's melbourne concert on the 6th of december if anyone is interested or knows anyone who wants one? :)
2	the presidential election is starting to become an episode of saturday night live, with special guest hosts; donald trump and kanye west
2	becoming the wmd capital of europe is scotland's union dividend says george osborne (followed by evil cackle).
2	kanye west declares he will run for the 2020 presidency
2	_jayspurs spursin140 globalspur well if thats the case the kane and eriksen got us out of the shit last season and got us 5th not poch
2	dailyrush because you haven't heard caitlyn jenner's doorbell since friday *ding dong*
2	tifosi, save the date: on september 3rd kimi7 will visit the new ferraristore in milan!
2	marseille president vincent labrune met with erik lamela's agent on saturday in milan, also deals with ocampos
2	kanye west is running for president, nothing is real: on sunday night, kanye west received the mtv video vangu...
2	[wp] "may i present to you the 364th episode of vahalla's weekly wars with our special main event: john cena v...
2	when you realise it's september tomorrow and frank ocean still hasn't released his album
2	no one knows tomorrow for kanye west, he may like going west or north west but what if god says he is going nowhere or to south east
2	chad, kane &amp; s burgoyne played in the guts with lade at his peak in 07. along with p burgoyne those five took us to 2nd, but we lacked depth
2	kyle seager went 3-for-6 with a two-run homer, an rbi single and three total rbi in sunday's 11-inning loss to the white sox. mariners mlb
2	this song may have only been released to kanye west and john legend before it was performed. whitepeopleareclueless
2	john kasich is the one republican many democrats could embrace. the anti-hilary choice
2	everyone refresh so we can break taylor's bad blood record for most views in 24 hours! c'mon beliebers we can do it whatdoyoumeanmusicvideo
2	donald trump &amp; kanye west should run for office together. they share that tight-jawed expression. actually, they may even be the same person
2	iumlindia sudden demise of moulana khadeer ahmed ada ul aamiri is a great shock &amp; a big loss to the muslims, may allah reward moulana
2	and yet, i have yet to see the whole series of naruto episodes... *facepalm* this may take a while...
2	september 16, the day, we answer your questions on "how to share the gospel with muslims" don't forget to mark it !
2	i don't get too riled up, because nicki may be dancing with miley onstage at the next awards show. vmas
2	i still think they should have let nicki continue what she was going to say rather then cut her off cuz it may hurt miley's feelings
2	scott walker convinced canadian wall will shade his bald spot from the hot northern sun.
2	it's monday and i just need to know the status of this nicki and miley beef...
2	woke up scared that i woke up late then i realised i don't have a 5th lol it's gucci
2	"not something, even the victors cannot see [the mind]. not nothing, it is the ground of all samsara and nirvana." -3rd karmapa
2	nicki may be a black woman but you're forget shes a rich black woman!
2	kanye west is insane. he also may be a complete genius. but i still don't want him to be president. vmas fb
2	"i don't know what's gonna happen tonight. i don't know what's gonna happen tomorrow" - kanye west
2	here we have niall representing half the population every monday morning
2	right now, i predict crazy xbox price drops in only one scenario.....if the week before black friday they are selling on par with ps4.
2	anyone else willing to drop $120 to see paul mccartney at nationwide in oct? or is it just me...?
2	super eagles of nigeria will commence training sessions tomorrow, sept 1, in preparation for the all-important (afcon) qualifier v tanzania.
2	the august nl position player leaders in fwar meet to close up the month tonight: joey votto and kris bryant.
2	i've always been slow at reading books. currently trying to power through the rest of paper towns as i'm seeing the film tomorrow
2	iabhishekagg jytkoul may b there is some confusion about muslims in ur mind set
2	carly fiorina may find center stage uncomfortable - republican presidential candidate carly fiorina pauses as she ...
2	1. drake 2,3,4 is sean, kendrick, cole whatever u want the order to be 5. no idea who in that 5th spot...nicki? i'll leave that to y'all
2	this may well be the end of my tv and ps4 controller but i am gonna play some aw. wish me luck
2	mextraxx - us tennis open results, missing money, kanye west vma speech, ...: us tennis open results missing mon... - we track for you
2	scott walker thought it'd be a good idea to stiff his personal bodyguards. -
2	there's a ed sheeran concert september 5th,&amp; if you are going too marcus high school go too the mob website too get the concert tickets free
2	who rises as scott walker falls?: on the sunday shows there was a vivid contrast between two conservative ...
2	the unforgettable fire by u2 was no.12 in the uk album charts on 31 august 1985
2	i may even include a rendition of nicki's 'death stare' she shot at miley last night
2	it's hard to see zayn up there bc he look like the sun zayngetofftheroof
2	5 things we learned from milan 2-1 empoli: milan recorded their first victory of the season on saturday night ...
2	people talking about kanye west last night are only talking about him running for president and the fact that he may have smoked beforehand
2	kanye west,did you say this was your "i want people to like me" speech? you may need to work on that. let's start with definition of "like".
2	acm_nicky a poor man muntari and benchwarmer for lazio he no milan player we buy him so in january we loan him to carpi
2	kicking off monday morning with iron maiden's "piece of mind"
2	uncharted 4: a thief's end launches for ps4 in north america on march 18, 2016, sony announced today.the latest game in the naughty d...
2	'uncharted 4: a thief's end' hits ps4 on march 18th - uncharted 4: a thief's end, the final game in naughty dog's ...
2	august 30: selena and the bad blood cast attending the republic records vma after party at ysabel
2	racist mad libs: islam is _______ with _____
2	if yall are interested in the gucci foams coming out this weekend we releasing them on friday at foot locker columbia
2	mashupmonday remember this one? katy perry gets mashupped with jan oostdyk.
2	march 18th until uncharted 4. guess the nathan drake collection will tide me over on ps4 until then.
2	kanye west may claim he's a democrat, but the majority of his lyrics decidedly lean republican.
2	akustosz that's joke because you didn't know who he was before me and erik told you you sat in your room wanking over nirvana.
2	exploring milan under the blazing sun. i already have the feeling i won't be able to see much. so busy! tomorrow expo
2	milan is pessimistic they'll reach an agreement with zenit for witsel, they may make an attempt before window closes in 3 hours (dimarzio)
2	the signals for axel witsel to milan are negative at the moment but they may make one last attempt before the window closes. (via dimarzio)
2	since trump announced his presidential bid in june, pundits have contended he would not be the nominee. ben carson &amp; carly fiorina climbing
2	power's out for 47 hrs and: kanye2020 , twenty one pilots perform, nicki drags miley, probably the sun exploded too let me check
2	season in the sun - nirvana
2	indians just never got chance for a rays style rebuild where they could take a longria 3rd or a david price 1st overall.
2	mtv vmas: seven presidential moments in kanye west's first stump speech: when kanye west stood on stage sunday night during the mtv v...
2	anyone want to buy some zac brown band tickets for sept 3?
2	jmv1070 didn't have a chance to listen friday, thoughts on the foo fighters concert?
2	i like to avoid my monday's like miley avoided nicki at the vmas
2	libertea2012 the sign is in french - scott walker may not understand what it means.
2	"skynews: kanye west: 'i've decided to run for president - based on the history in that family, he may be us's 1st black female president!
2	kanye west will perform the entire "808s &amp; heartbreak" album on september 25th at the hollywood bowl in los angeles.
2	following monday's on sale, paul mccartney tickets averaging over $400 on secondary market: monday was just an...
2	would anyone wanna go to the ed sheeran concert this thursday with me i have an extra ticket it was like $35
2	nikestore are you going to carry the gucci foamposite that release friday?
2	yo nate, shawn and wanya. how about when you come to namibia in october. can we get same tees printed namibia?
2	lol. you can still watch, nicki asked miley what's good and called her a bitch (most interesting part of the show)
2	you may not like the guy but you have that 1 kanye west track that makes you go. . yerrrrrrtt
2	let's review milan's summer: got stadium deal, now balking at the site 150m to spend, spent 91m floated mr bee, he may as well be the chef
2	david price looks to become the 13th pitcher in bluejays history to go 5-0 in a calendar month.
2	sam last night: "shawn tomorrow morning we should wake up at like 9 and make breakfast" ... it's 1:34 and he hasn't gotten out of bed yet
2	planetjedward on saturday at 10pm you can watch sharknado 3 on the german free tv channel tele 5
2	aniaahlborn seanchercover scott walker's having a meet'n'greet 2 blocks from me wed morning. so tempted to go &amp; soak up the absurdity.
2	video: kanye west helps 2015 vmas break u.s. twitter record:sunday night's mtv video music awards were the-- video
2	whos going to shawn concert on october 16 in columbia sc bc we should totes meet
2	i may not speak too highly of kanye west the person, but i am a fan of his music. it is possible to separate actions and work.
2	awilder112 game comes out on december 1st. i will definitely be picking it up for ps4.
2	if bee comes in with cash in oct,i'd imagine milan are gonna splurge in the winter&amp;definitely next summer,let's hope they are smart about it
2	karimozena: presidential hopeful kanye west is performing at the hollywoodbowl on september 25
2	but hey, i guess you could say at least we (milan) spent money. 3rd place will be one hell of a mission, but milan did it to themselves
2	cubs kris bryant is starting in right field for the cubs on monday.
2	i honestly think napoli will take 4th, then it's just a free for all between the likes of milan,fiorentina,torino,samp,genoa,the veronas
2	it's august 31st. pumpkin flavor is back at dunkin. and i have already had it. prematurebutitsok
2	selling my jason aldean, cole swindell and tyler farr ticket for their show in raleigh on saturday. dm me if you're interested.
2	tmz miley may act and be the way she is but she is a good person. nicki is the one looking for fights anywhere. embarrassing...
2	atheist4m that practice is from the african athiests and sun worshippers. not from islam.
2	hulk hogan may have been kicked out of wwe......but what about that masked man "mr. america"???? vincemcmahon
2	uscellular picked up the new moto g (2015 3rd gen) at my local us cellular store this weekend.
2	i'm at work for 14.5 hours tomorrow lmao someone make me go to bed and stop reading articles about nicki
2	kanye west confuses me this kind of made no sense lmfao but i must say it had me cracking up
2	that time they were all wasted at the brits and louis sat in zayn's lms if u agree
2	i didn't evacuate when janet jackson's nipple exposed the power of the sun to an unsuspecting audience, i ain't budgin now.
2	ohio gov. john kasich up to 7th-place tie in new iowa poll; ben carson deadlocked with donald trump at the top
2	rocketrichman bizarre... kane breaks a leg in training with england tomorrow, then what?
2	david de gea presentation was billed for 1pm tomorrow..if real madrid doesn't announce the deal before noon..then the deal is off. shikena!!
2	de gea will still be a real madrid player tomorrow. it's real madrid, they bend the rules. the spanish fa will bend over for them.
2	feel for navas also, basically being told your not needed by real madrid and then he may have to stay there
2	uefa can overall the spanish fa's decision to cancel de gea's move, and he could still be a real madrid player tomorrow. help me god.
2	just in; real madrid stating to have proof that manchester united sent documents at 23.59. uefa tomorrow to decide on it
2	both clubs have proof that the de gea papers arrived in time. uefa will decide tomorrow morning if de gea will be a real madrid player.
2	boko haram may resume talks with fg - sources close to the leadership of the boko haram insurgents have... news
2	real madrid still faithful that the deal will be accepted. but it will have to be tomorrow.
2	i wonder if de gea was sat in his car in the real madrid car park waiting for a transfer odemwingie style
2	i need someone to come see ed sheeran with me this saturday in dallas
2	mufc_1000_liam i'm hearing real madrid may have the option to block it
2	mike_laidlaw is there any word on patch &amp; dlc file sizes for ps4? have 10gb left of data allowance til the 12th (rural internet boo).
2	because it's real madrid bet it happens
2	breaking: real madrid state proof of the documents being sent at 23:59. uefa to decide tomorrow. (tancredipalmeri ) deadlineday mufc
2	moyes sat somewhere spamming the real madrid fax machine with stationery and car hire deals chuckling away degea
2	this black, gay, badass pacifist mastermind of the march on washington is finally getting his due via motherjones
2	q23a1 sidlowe whatever platform, a bit of fun but we all know he will be a real madrid player tomorrow.
2	if real madrid's appeal to uefa and lfp for the de gea transfer is successful, he'll join them tomorrow. yikes.
2	plot twist: real madrid didn't accept the papers just so they can get him in january under bossman ruling for free ready for next season
2	i went by my moms in atlanta for my 26th and she just knew we was going to a gay club asking ha friends we said hell no we like str8 clubs
2	fifa will look into the case tomorrow. both man united and real madrid are pushing for the move to happen.
2	literally sat through 3rd block today and talked about kanye west w/ brycebayliss
2	man utd: david de gea's move to real madrid off as paperwork late - thought the deadline was 6pm tuesday?
2	looking at my gucci it's about that time. bldg 406, 2nd floor. giaf15 govislandart art charcoal drawing gucci
2	2nd one is a trinidadian headdress i believe, which is nicki's home country. im silent on the other 3 tho
2	i need a big moment! something like a clutch moment! a kobe in the 4th quarter! a ronda "rowdy" rousey 14 second knockout!
2	salazar struck out the side in the 1st, and david price answers back with the same in the 2nd. tulo-colabello-martin due up for bluejays.
2	all this is just banter. wait and see when real madrid announce the transfer at noon tomorrow.
2	david wright has now played more games at third base than any other player in the history of mlb in new york.
2	samwallaceindy it's real madrid , the transfer will go through tomorrow ,
2	muralectra real madrid are trying to buy a player from united. the documents got delayed and the deadline to sign new players is tomorrow.
2	jackkfletchh oh no haha, i meant he can't sign for milan now, so spurs may have more of a chance
2	is it me or wwe monday night raw always starts with seth rollins?
2	ice cube announced a family friendly friday sequel called "is it friday yet"
2	watching the new fear the walking dead episode then faking it at 9:30. then i shall stress about big brother till wednesday iwatchtoomuchtv
2	seth rollins is going to be at the house show in beaumont. so i think he may win. i really doubt the wwe whc will be at a house show raw
2	naruto may have been the first ever hokage to never achieve the status of chunin and jounin now that i think about it.....
2	i'm looking in the back of the posters. they're making a 3rd 12 rounds with dean ambrose? gtfo!!! raw
2	so david de gea is going to real madrid right? i thought the deadline was tomorrow at 6pm gmt
2	tomorrow will mark the third anniversary of niall picking marks nose and eating his boogers
2	david price's 6th k of the night, his first called, ends the clevelands' 5th inning. he's seen 2 above the minimum. bluejays trail 1-0.
2	uefa to study the case tomorrow and make a decision. both real madrid and manchester united want the deal completed. degeamisseddeadline
2	david price has a lead in the 6th so basically this game is over
2	melaninhoe: frank ocean *says he droppin the album in july* all frank ocean fans:
2	lavonte david backstage at raw with john cena. huskers
2	if arsenal don't sign anyone on deadlineday wenger should have to give the entire kanye west vma speech tomorrow.
2	not that i don't love seth rollins, he's gold on the belts. but this may be sting's only title run sooo stingonraw raw rawtampa
2	itspetetoyou i'm going to dunkin donuts tomorrow morning do you want me to bring you something
2	//i know so much more about dbz than i do naruto.. xd ask me a dbz question, i may be able to answer it.
2	whelp, i get to go see one direction perform tomorrow. i saw them with zayn and now i get to see them without him.
2	(comment about the legitimacy of a kanye west candidacy because it's something new that people may believe is possible trump)
2	i look over at matt during sat class and he's writing "kanye west" over and over in his book
2	zayn is currently unverified on instagram! it may be due to the glitch.
2	today in america: the arrogance of kanye west, will carson take down trump, and why do presidential no-hopers bother?
2	cubs score another run off a kris bryant hit up the middle, but rizzo thrown out at 3rd. 5-3 cubs letsgo
2	dylanjhernandez nope tomorrow uefa will decide as real madrid couldnt load up the document
2	who's gonna be the 3rd shield member? eric rowen? samoa joe? seth rollins? (impossible but i would still mark out!) raw
2	roman reigns and dean ambrose may need to recruit brock lesnar to take out the wyatts raw
2	to all the baby boomers complaining about kanye west, may i remind you of jim morrison?
2	deadlineday at the end of the day who lost? real madrid? david de gea? manutd ? may be de gea, who is gng 2 be on bench at manu.
2	dean ambrose with roman regains vs braun strowman now on wwe monday night raw 8/31/2015
2	wbaldash and the way the orioles are going, the red sox (60), mariners (61), and white sox (61) may do likewise before too much longer.
2	golam globus-ok-here's the deal: i may not like this movie. except it has chuck norris in it. :-))
2	seth rollins may be a good superstar to date, but he is no legend! he needs to put that statue behind him and focus on sting. raw
2	vanmorrisonfans rolling stone says van morrison's astral weeks is the 19th greatest album. should be 1. happy 70th birthday van. 8-31-15.
2	who wants to go with me to get my tattoo tomorrow? i'll buy you dunkin doughnuts
2	maddiechavis tomorrow is a new day tho so it's gucci
2	rayshellbox kasi nga diba may prejudice pa rin about black entertainers? also miley says that nicki keeps pulling the race card--
2	i was rolling saturday at my cousin shawn talking about the disbelief of him about to have a daughter right in front of his gf/bm
2	thotcrime anyone who dares stand in the undertakers way this weekend, monday night only wwe smack down john cena johncenajonhcenacenacenace
2	jean machi showing red sox fans exactly what giants fan already knew! three walks in the 9th, one run in, bases loaded, 1 out.
2	washingtonpost wrong tactic, she was elected - gay marriage was illegal when she took office, it may not be in her job description.
2	i might not be able to tell you any answers to my homework tomorrow, but i sure will tell you all about how the red sox beat the yankees.
2	_jjju_ wat time pst or p.m. pacific does the summer oatch launch tomorrow on ps4?
2	until dawn worth the buy? going to pick up my ps4 tomorrow
2	wait really though does anyone want to go to dallas on saturday to see ed sheeran?
2	if the redsox keep on winning and end up getting the 11th pick and losing a protected first by one slot would be classic red sox
2	david de gea to real madrid: everything you need to know on monday night about man ut
2	we'll be talking about seth rollins' wwenoc title matches, raw &amp; more bustedopenlive tomorrow from 2-4pm est on siriusxm rush channel 93
2	ed sheeran is gonna be here on the 12th why am i poor
2	k8_bowers stayed until the end. red sox won but not without a few heart palpitations in the 9th!
2	fenway park staff reportedly confiscating don orsillo signs: monday night is the first red sox game at fenway ...
2	rivalryweek 2 out of 4 today mets beat the phillies yankees lose to the red sox on a 9th inning 2-out grand slam robbery
2	more like taylor wants to stay the hell away from miley bc she saw how nicki dragged her sunday.
2	krazyk_20 it's ok you can do it friday so it can be fresh for milan party
2	twitchy: at the mtv video music awards sunday night, kanye west concluded an acceptance speech ... wakeupamerica
2	taking the fam to the yankees and red sox game tomorrow
2	danielagreen1 tomorrow the price will be right for david price will not be on the slate...
2	i should really get sleep since i have class tomorrow but when you have a ps4 and madden 16 in front of you it's kinda hard..
2	oreoclones2012 what about the beat to 3rd quarter by gucci
2	kamila_1324 yo come by bhs tomorrow imma be there with mikayla and gucci then we gonna work out. come by i you wanna die (hypothetically)
2	paul mccartney's daughter (stella) and ringo starr's son (zak) share the same birthday: september 13th.
2	aug 30 (infostrada sports) - top scorers of the la liga on sunday 2 nolito (celta vigo) gareth bale (real madrid) james rodriguez (real
2	french club monaco confirmed on wednesday that a loan deal has been reached with real madrid for p...
2	real madrid and/or mufc may consider an appeal over the cause of the david de gea delay (i.e. computer glitch). ssnhq
2	can nicki and drake go ahead and get married and have the child that will be 3rd legendary sannin
2	ok it is time for me to sleep. first day as a senior / grade twelver tomorrow. gonna be craic ! save me paul mccartney
2	t-swift's "bad blood" playing in the bottom of the 11th at the giants-dodgers game. must have been an accident...
2	senorbarbero there will be a proclamation of the date of eid al-adha in the next 2 weeks. 23 sep is a best guess, but it could be 24 sep
2	alllivesmatter ... white, black, guy, girl or even a caitlyn jenner whatever that may be stop the violence 2k15
2	david de gea's deal from manchester united to real madrid stalls at the 11th hour -
2	politicalfutbal i think it'll be a dead rubber, if it's not already, but i'm going to orioles red sox in a few weeks, friday night game
2	manchester united and real madrid will attempt to revive david de gea's move to the bernabeu on tuesday after the...
2	.schicflair stardust as gollum, undertaker as sauron, kane as the witch king, the ascension as uruk hai, wyatts as the ring wraiths c'mon.
2	if man utd and real madrid cannot get the paperwork correct and on time, who can ?
2	anthoniedig milan will buy in january. y'all need a midfielder with outstanding vision though, else bacca and adriano will struggle.
2	scott walker on sunday said he was considering a fence on the border with canada: "some people have asked us...
2	it's september 1st and 12 more days until niall's birthday and on his birthday it's going to be a year since i saw the boys for the wwat
2	darrencriss my best friends and i are going to milan this friday to monday because you were going and now we have to go.. be there.. please
2	mileycyrus i dreamed about katy perry dragging nicki's back for you on sunday and it was very fatal. i hope it's gonna happen
2	milan wanted witsel - galliani: the club's ceo has revealed he tried to sign the midfielder right up until the end of monday's transf...
2	david de gea's proposed transfer from manu to real madrid has stalled after the relevant paperwork was received 28 minutes late on monday
2	i think i may work on buying complete manga, like fullmetal alchemist or naruto, i'm just not sure yet
2	leahvdc fantastlsco rmadridcastilla real madrid commuter the same offences as barcelona and most likely receive a year ban in jan
2	hanley ramirez was out of the lineup again on monday, a break for the red sox given the series of injuries that...
2	jprossoneri berlusconi on september 29th: "my old milanista heart didn't allow me to sell the club. we'll control milan forever."
2	tue sep 01 08:09:47 +0000 2015 "canada responded on monday to gop presidential contender scott walker's controversial comments about building a...
2	kyled1011 andrewcembling de gea is trapped right now. if real madrid dont come back in january, his only option is to renew with united.
2	i know it's only tuesday but has anyone got a link to the hulk hogan sex tape?
2	aiiamericangiri twitchyteam kanye west may just be an improvement over the potus we have right now.
2	they may be running against each other in the republican presidential primary, but wisconsin gov. scott walker does not think texas sen.
2	tomorrow: from worst-waitress to top food critic larissadubecki shares her dining tips + kanye west's pitch for the white house mtvvmas
2	umbertogandini however i hope you bring witsel &amp; soriano in january for their loyalty, they also tried until the end for milan! i wish that
2	hulk hogan apologises for his racist comment.: terry bollea was at "good morning america" on monday and he tal...
2	appointment with barracuda in milan, from 1 to 4 september. [pav. 3 stand: g01/h02-h06 ] don't miss the event!
2	gaffneyvlc use ade in europa and cups and let his contract run down. best way to do it. save kane for league and get berahino as 2nd st
2	in any time passing discussion with christians , they always highlight jihad in islam. some of the muslim may...
2	news: ready for kanye? group files paperwork: kanye west announced sunday that he's running ... via thenewshype
2	ugottherealme &amp; that guy is super strong (literally) he won 1st place in every strongman so only guy i can think of:brock lesnar!
2	am wondering did real madrid have 2nd thoughts on de gea?? mite see him tell real to 4 get about it and sign a new deal!
2	so the david de gea transfer saga is over..real madrid have confirmed. he may well stay at mufc until the end of his contract at this stage
2	"real madrid president florentino perez is to hold a press conference at the bernabeu at 12:30pm on tuesday" prepare tomatoes
2	now manutd get de gea to sign a big deal so real madrid don't buy him in january on the cheap! degea deadlineday
2	one of the events that woke me up to islam sleep well little angels
2	nicki and miley left nothing to the imagination at sunday night's vma's.
2	daveockop liverpool are a hobby,red sox is their passion,liverpool will always play 2nd fiddle,your days dining at the top table are over!
2	on monday, the christians stood on the grass and sang "i am a child of god." the marriage equality activists...
2	gay marriage fight in kentucky faces moment of truth tuesday: the supreme court ruled against the county clerk...
2	it's only the 5th day of school and i already don't wanna go but nicki wants me to so i'm going
2	real madrid confirm that man united were willing to negotiate the de gea deal only on monday morning.
2	hey i'm gonna see ed sheeran next wednesday so it's not all that bad
2	socialrmadrid real madrid have a 1st choice gk who was 2nd choice last season to casillas. man utd have the spain number 1. mu stronger
2	there may not have been a transfer of players between the 2 clubs last night but real madrid caught the "we did not want him anyway" disease
2	roll on in with your friends! tues lunch pizza is rolling stone: italian sausage &amp; mushroom. 11-1 north &amp; south slices. 11-2 east buffet.
2	ivan nova notched a quality start, giving up three runs in six innings, but lost to the red sox on monday. yankees
2	alessandro matri, loaned out by milan for the 7th time, joins officialsslazio on loan
2	basimafaysal kafirs need to understand that every muslim, whichever sect s/he may belong to, is an ambassador of islam;they will defend it
2	denis diaz (1.80) shoved 5 innings of 1 run ball in the gcl bluejays loss to the red sox, monday.
2	wait, did taylor bring nicki on stage when she won on sunday? i didn't think so...
2	stem the maple flood. why scott walker wants to wall off canada (and five things it may help stop)
2	i haven't heard anything about niall since saturday is he dead or something
2	northlands hi there, can u tell me what time do doors open fri for janet jackson? and when does she go on? is there an opening act?
2	even if real madrid were at fault for the de gea saga, fergie would have offloaded him back in june, van gaal plays too many games.
2	real speak out on de gea drama: real madrid said on tuesday they had done everything necessary to complete the...
2	surely spurs are going to sign a striker before 6pm. kane is currently the only viable option. sun may deputise but is unknown
2	bdutt how man joins, sikh, christians, parsi"?? the real minorities muslim are 2nd biggest population in our country
2	stmaryscbridge as per previous tweet, i have letter to say a thursday but niall told me they were told today it was today also?
2	cnn we think it's ridiculous that carly fiorina isn't on the debate. she's what 5th? she should be on the main debate stage realbencarson
2	sebsb sberahino i really hope he stays now, even if kane dies of exhaustion by november
2	bassa_utd mohamedbouhafsi hope he'll not join real madrid on the 5th year
2	patdstat brunch with rousey and a light job with bolt on friday imo.
2	real madrid will wear the pink kits for the first time on july 30 against roma.
2	clutchlings77 rained out. dh tomorrow at the red sox
2	halsey you literally sat a row behind kanye west. how do u feel bb
2	today, september 1, is the world day of prayer for the care of creation. the diversity of christians praying for...
2	cartilagefree can son and n'jie give us what we need to supplement kane until the january window?
2	o dear kane may be going bye bye from the hawks....we will see how this one plays out
2	psa hello attention: does anybody want some ed sheeran tickets for nashville on the 8th?
2	yet you don't see christians preaching jesus' message to the rich &amp; giving comfort to the outcasts, as jesus did
2	fair is fair! cnn needs to let carly fiorina be on the main stage at the september 16 debate! several of us got...
2	when you remember iron maiden's bookofsouls album drops this friday...
2	milanello i will be coming to milan from london for the palermo match so that means i can see them before the match on saturday then ?
2	if it weren't for christians, the aztecs would never have stopped killing babies (like planned parenthood does.)
2	keylor kicks on at valdebebas: keylor navas trained alone on tuesday morning with real madrid goalkeeping coac...
2	i read that sun times article and it did nothing to prove the theory that we should trade kane.
2	i remember martial being totally impotent against arsenal in the 2nd ucl game. yet, he's the man to take us to nirvana.
2	with spurs not signing a striker and kane about to get injured on saturday palace have an even better chance of making europe this season
2	bbog group believes that boko haram can be defeated by december, but want tangible info from govt -
2	:| "socialrmadrid: abc | real madrid will announce he signing of de gea on january 1st. he will stay for 6 seasons and will come for free."
2	closetothegame kane in edm would be insane. if kane went to min, min may finally be able to beat chi in the playoffs
2	ideally all 29 teams would say no and kane would be launched into the sun, but here we are
2	rihanna endorses kanye west for president: on sunday night, kanye west concluded a captivating speech at the v...
2	did real madrid deliberately cock up so they get de gea on the cheap in january or for free in the summer? bbcfootball deadlineday
2	david de gea didn't sign for real madrid. the way things have gone he'll be at west brom in january wba deadlineday youhearditherefirst
2	gay marriage in focus as faroe islands votes: faroe islanders headed to the polls on tuesday to elect a new pa...
2	bull_diggy westhammatters toxic deserve 16th place and a season of turmoil in the boardroom plus kane's struggles on the pitch happydays
2	tmzlive mtvnews miley &amp; nicki staged it. not only did nm break a smile, from the 2nd c-angle miley says "what", before nicki states topic
2	transfers: man united respond to real madrid, saying it was up to them to open negotiations for david de gea on monday (espn)
2	may as well strap the golden cockerel from whl's roof to kane's back so that the burden on him is at once metaphorical, symbolic &amp; literal
2	christians all over the world need to pray that "god will open the eyes of their understanding that they may know...
2	nicktheyid61 he may be able to scrape by just with the midfield but if kane has a difficult time or injury i don't see enough goals in us
2	tomorrow my diamond dogs limited edition ps4 and mgs v arrive. sadly a day later than it should be :c
2	i see ed sheeran on that day
2	kane to get injured on international duty this weekend, adebayor to make a miraculous comeback to fire spurs to 4th levymasterplan
2	hey garyparrishcbs, i'm sure you know and may have already spoken about it, but rousey accepted the marine's invite!!
2	meeting up tomorrow night back at shawn and amy's to hang out, eat, and discuss the first chapter from 6:30-8:30. see you then!
2	janaagefjortoft jan can you confirm for me that real madrid have made contact previously with reus and were told no sale
2	retweeted socialrmadrid (socialrmadrid): abc | real madrid will announce he signing of de gea on january 1st....
2	a row escalated between manchester united and real madrid on tuesday over the collapsed transfer of david de gea.
2	meninblazers did manchester united just "drake" real madrid. meekmadrid
2	amazonhelp hi i bought next day delivery for a ps4 game, i may be out but it should fit through the letterbox, will it need a signature?
2	manchester united say it is real madrid's fault, not theirs, that david de gea's return to spain collapsed on monday. realmadrid
2	where's nicki's style or her 2nd 1mil sold album?? keep changing topics when u get clocked,its right here with u
2	real madrid clearly did not really want david de gea, sign anew deal lad.
2	2xupdate kim davis' husband implies he'll use "2nd amendment" remedy against gay marriage supporters via dailykos
2	is anyone going to zac brown band at spac on sunday?
2	ed woodward already preparing for real madrid's bid for david de gea in the january transfer window. mufc
2	aarron_dyer was gutted i wasn't at t the saturday to witness it.. he delivers the gucci on a daily basis mate!
2	derekbodnernba also you didn't include the maccabi - emporio armani milan game at msg on 4th...
2	rob ford on scott walker's canadian border wall: "it sounds to me a little off the wall."
2	coming wednesday: scott walker says "everyone living in poverty" in wi is covered by medicaid, even though he refused obamacare money.
2	i've rehearsed, eaten 3 tim tams, 1 packet of cheese twisties, d_degea has not been transferred to real madrid &amp; it rained a lot. sept 1st
2	auzzie is really proud of being the 2nd person to comment on zayn's nipples when that cover came out lol
2	you cannot always get what u want. i believe lvg wanted bale, ramos and maybe kane. lets wait till january
2	coming tomorrow, my response to the conservative dissenting opinion on gay marriage. this one can get me killed by radical christians.
2	gentleman_thfc bang him up front with kane and play sun and n'jie on the wings then surely!
2	wiseguy70 whatever clr you may give to pakistan it will shine... coz it is created in the name of allah and ideologically on islam...
2	tripleh i want to see bruan strowman vs brock lesnar on smackdown this thursday
2	hey, i have a ticket for jason aldean this saturday for sale!! someone please buy it
2	cnn revises debate criteria in possible boost to carly fiorina: cnn announced on tuesday that it would ... media
2	ultrasuristic is it real madrid or mufc? who refused to negotiate on sunday? i think it's mufc. please correct me.
2	rob ford on scott walker: "i don't think (he) has a chance down there."
2	when a_nuffsaid walked off, shawn sat down on one of the benches in the hallway. having a real relationship was so new to him and he +
2	miss kentucky katie_george05 stopped by the studio before uofl's home opener on friday to talk volleyball &amp; miss usa
2	hood river valley high school varsity volleyball team with coach scott walker. first pre-season game tomorrow vs....
2	idk why people are bashin on kanye west. if u think about it the man really be speakin the truth. he may be an ass times but he's smart.
2	someone come see jason aldean with me saturday???
2	floyd mayweather vs andre berto sept 12th ..... i'm pretty sure we know the outcome lol but hey anything's possible.
2	whoever thought it was smart to schedule a red sox game at home on september 1st has clearly never been in boston on september 1st.
2	getting dfa'd on roster expansion day = baseball's version of chris tucker asking ice cube in friday "how do you get fired on your day off?"
2	daisymeriahh she look like every other 6th grader with a caitlyn jenner jaw line
2	jennivanrees thanks. my dad gets ct scan results thursday and shawn's dad is going through scans, too.
2	kirflem thanks for reminding me how fab i am. i may not have a gucci bag but i have a neurologist, she's from eastern europe. i've arrived
2	who's going to tampa on the 10th to see ed sheeran? music edsheeran
2	minimap is here with all the news about metal gear, deus ex, hamlet, ace attorney, nintendo, amazon and ps4!
2	travelling to milton keynes for the ashes on saturday ? be aware that the foo fighters play the mk bowl on...
2	coldplay, one republic, maroon 5, sam smith, ed sheeran, oasis, owl city, simple plan, the fray, muse, snow patrol, empire of the sun..
2	twins have three hits against chris sale in the 2nd inning, including escobar's rbi single for a 1-0 lead over the white sox.
2	take me down to the river underneath the blood orange sun mtvsummerstar katy perry
2	teddywklein i guess you considered that 9th inning vs the red sox on friday a comeback as well
2	queer eye for the messiah guy - many modern christians may be surprised to learn that in the time after the resurr...
2	not only should everyone be upset with frank ocean but adele too. she's just now releasing something in november after 4 years of waiting.
2	deadpool video game to be re-released on ps4 &amp; xbox one on nov. 17; plus a statement from the man himself -
2	notsoradshawn c'mon shawn you can't afford the m4 you want with one dollar get it together
2	michaelgbaron for terry's next act, he'll ask david wright to pitch the 7th :).
2	zack, type 1 for too long, wishing it was friday so i can listen to iron maiden's new album. dcde
2	escobar, the man the white sox traded away, doubles off the base of wall in center. he's 2 for 2. c'mon
2	camerannnn21 want dunkin tomorrow morning ?
2	he will not leave during the season.. you real madrid fans won't give it up lmao
2	joeyalltheseven friday night lights lol. it's a bit gay at times but i rate it
2	with 2 outs in the 5th, laroche's single and three straight walks give the white sox their first run. twins lead 4-1.
2	red sox have 2 on 1 out in the bottom of the 8th! cash them in please! rallytime
2	red sox are challenging the out call at 3rd.
2	swanie12345 make sure to leave the dunkin at home tomorrow, don't want sharpe to snap on you again
2	cnn changed the rules, and carly fiorina may make it into the next primetime gop debate:
2	i have a feeling shawn's going to hit 4 million followers on twitter tomorrow........
2	don't forget to getintothekilt for floyd mayweather vs andre berto on september 12th! we've got all the action!
2	i have box seats for the red sox vs. blue jays game next monday.. anybody want them?
2	kris bryant singles into left field for his 3rd hit of the night. 3-3, 2 rbi (82). cubs
2	white sox take a 5-4 lead over minnesota on avisail garcia's 12th hr, twins a game back of texas for the 2nd wildcard
2	the cubs score 2 runs in the bottom of the 6th on rbi singles by kris bryant &amp; miguel montero to tie things up with the reds 3 apiece
2	pgahoran the donations for niall's guitar and letters to go into his guitar is closed because the guitar is being dropped off tomorrow
2	i'm gna play more tomorrow my ps3 controller battery is running low and u can't access the menu with the ps4 controller
2	so wwe erases hulk hogan from their site, but jimmy snuka is charged with 3rd-degree murder and his profile remains?
2	when the workers at dunkin say "see you tomorrow" ashleylynnmcc_ britt_mcc_
2	kris bryant flies out to the warning track. almost had his 4th hit of the night. cubs
2	most stores requesting new sunday liquor sale permits in prince george's county are near the d.c. border
2	mark your calendar! september 12th from 8:00am to 11:00am if you live near prince george's community college and...
2	5 teams contact the blackhawks about kane... they dont seem to care they may lose him if he's charged ... winning that important to teams?
2	shawn is doing a show on the 19th right?
2	abiratchford the new iron maiden comes out friday.....
2	brock lesnar will face big show at the wwe network special event at madison square garden on october 3rd. -ashley
2	i wanna walk into school tomorrow with the john cena theme song playing
2	so abbij1798 her ex texted her &amp; spelled nicki "niki" that's his first problem. 2nd problem is he doesn't know i go to ca &amp; i always tweet?
2	after coughing up early lead, mntwins rally for 8-6 win and take the 1st game of series vs. the white sox. circling the bases from tonight
2	may god's love be stronger and longer than the bruises we've collected from (well)meaning christians.
2	"when thy plans get cancelled, go to the coffee shop and listen to frank ocean" -the 11th commandment or something...
2	iwishicouldforget about my "katy perry" headgear i had in 9th grade :(( i do love my teeth now tho;)
2	yo mgs5 looks sick as hell dood! ps4 is on the way and should be here this friday but i won't have destiny until next thursday the 10th =/
2	the minnesota twins beat the white sox and chris sale on tuesday. they are now a surprising 68-63 overall and 41-25 at home.
2	snap i totally forgot that i just have to get through tomorrow and then i'm going to houston for a long weekend and to see ed sheeran.
2	let's hope it's not!! look for "the book of souls" from iron maiden this friday september 4th!! \m/\m/ listen to...
2	bigonanime well, they meant in the west. or rather, they're just not making 1st party games for it. because ps4 makes $$$
2	deadpool game for xbox one and ps4 arrives in mid-november: activision has announced to release of the r... fari
2	appamj bro c'mon get with the program ps4 is ftw getitnow
2	the giants and red sox may have 3 recent world series championships, but they haven't been consistently good like the cardinals.
2	some of you may have heard of promo zo who has been doing mixes for kane over the last couple of years, mostly...
2	real madrid first bid for ddg, was on monday shows dy neva want him seriously and dy sign some players and leave ddg late deejayfaremi.
2	jostreet71 skydiving04 it was only sleepless from around 6am..early enough!! bassmanjack may need to drink heavily when they go &amp; see u2!
2	zar_es95 uhh, ps1 and ps2 but like the 2nd smaller editions and a ps3 250gb. i wanna ps4 but nothing is out that i wanna play yet~ ^^ you?
2	super eagles camp update report has it that super eagles first choice goalkeeper and captain vincent enyeama may...
2	spursycob that's the trouble. if they are decent &amp; kane stays fit we may be 'ok'. if that doesn't happen then we are fucked. that simple
2	trufflesicious thanks jan, u2 ~ just attending to stray kitten which has arrived "out of the blue" ~ grey &amp; cloudy here in gwynedd today ~
2	lis_lowe he's just one. he's spent the summer being looked after grandparents which may have been an error, now thinks he's prince george!
2	2x foo fighters tickets for this sat nationalbowl mk - selling for face value, shout up if you're interested or know someone who will be!
2	david de gea is now considering a contract extension with manchester united. real madrid may have lost the keeper for good. [marca] mufc
2	tuttosport already talking about milan's january targets: witsel, perotti, biglia, and soriano. just ended yesterday ffs.
2	1892_john v real madrid 99k. 3rd best support in 13 yrs - what does that make the rest ? we had 32k in div 2 but who cares really .
2	shame it's rugby saturday &gt; powerslaves - a tribute to iron maiden
2	hoedetector5000 imagine going to the store and seeing a gucci bag for $500 and the same bag at the next store for $1500, the 2nd bag is ct
2	navas is reportedly unhappy at real madrid, he called mufc trying to rescue the transfer tuesday morning. [jamiejackson___]
2	carly fiorina fails to understand our 1st amendment freedom of religion goes with us everywhere. in an interview...
2	marca also report that real madrid have issued an apology to keylor navas for everything he had to go through on monday as well.
2	selling two jason aldean tickets for friday! text or dm me if you're interested
2	alone at a mcdonald's. few vestibules away people are talking about mar's presidency run while the other table talks about nicki's vma feud.
2	the broadsheet: september 2nd: good morning, broadsheet readers! carly fiorina moves toward the gop debate mai...
2	alexanderrossi carloscorell our store is reopening in milan on sat.. go buy all the disney stuff and also bring back a trophy and pizza!
2	some other retailers might have the new iron maiden lp on friday but you can bet they wont have all this stuff too!
2	trying to cope with 30 dec milan heat wearing a suit...
2	insidewesthamfc freyaanne no she doesn't, but caitlyn jenner still has more bollocks than you sat behind that account
2	suffering for the greater god your kids may wonder why some christians suffer. they may be confused by the...
2	competition time!!!! last sunday at the vma's kanye west announced he will be running for president of the united...
2	big show will face brock lesnar at msg on october 3rd. starting the rumour right here. who thinks this will be big show's retirement match?
2	naruto_databayo shikari walks into ichiraku's ramen shop as he saw naruto sitting at the bar. he sat down next to him, staying quiet.
2	goin to the ed sheeran concert thursday and i haven't really listened to him lol whatislife
2	meanwhile, some aide told scott walker he needed to polish his foreign policy bona fides...
2	sunday gravy: red sox take another misstep with don orsillo
2	my brother's going to be as old as niall tomorrow then after 10 days nialls going to be older again its nonsense i just wanted to mention it
2	arrived to beautiful sunshine in milan, but thunderstorms predicted through thursday/friday/saturday. dry race at the moment. f1
2	big week for presidential candidates coming through the metroplex. gov. scott walker here this am, sen. ted cruz here tomorrow nbcdfw
2	at the madison square garden special on oct 3rd, brock lesnar will go one on one with that young up and comer, the big show. sigh. - ^jc
2	i wish the jason aldean &amp; cole swindell concert was tomorrow
2	the foo fighters are at bt murrayfield stadium next tuesday night. book a table with is for dinner or drinks...
2	today in beatles history (june 18, 1942): ivan vaughan, the man responsible for introducing paul mccartney to john lennon, is born.
2	does anyone want a foo fighters ticket for saturday at milton keynes bowl?
2	m_overmars11 lgunner1982 benzema is football elite real madrid where you're a starter to 3rd place afc who haven't won league in 10 years
2	ahmed_muz no, don't think he's ready yet. with kane, n'jie, son, chadli &amp; lamela we have enough options till jan + ade in case of emergency
2	the choir has ed sheeran tickets to raffle. we have two complementary tickets to the september 17th show at...
2	ibrahimovic will join milan in january when psg gets knocked out from the group stage of the cl. a star like ibra can't play europa league.
2	henchman21 so, like a bar pie, but with disgusting cheese. as a fan of a major city's 2nd team, i have deep sympathy for white sox fans.
2	for bpolitics, a look at why the next debate will be a lot tougher for carly fiorina than the last one was.
2	mom takes dgtr to meet rousey b/c she suspects they may share same speech impediment, apraxia
2	when u say "put on" u gotta give wayne the credit for nikki. gucci may have been fuckin wit her but wayne the reason she "on"
2	bleachernation all the hoopla around the others and i'm sitting here, and my kris bryant man crush is 7th grade esque.
2	super eagles coach, sunday oliseh, has revealed that captain of the team, vincent enyeama, asked to... badotweet
2	tonight's lp wednesday album is sonic highways by the foo fighters, playing from 7:30 onwards. come down, and...
2	retweeted iron maiden (ironmaiden): alright, it's the last wednesday before thebookofsouls is released so...
2	i'm *totally* going to vote for kanye west in 2020. ... i have just been told it is not april fools day yet. my mistake.
2	thursday night football will effect some areas, click on the link below it will show the times of big brother in...
2	idiot_vibez they didn't believe the sun for a single second about louis becoming a dad but they believe the sun on anything to do with zayn
2	lgbtfamilysepa you may be interested in my memoir, oy vey, my daughter's gay -would love you to read/review/share it
2	ha,says spanish lawyer who had a conversation with real madrid on monday night.
2	join the ihs book club and get a free copy of paper towns. thurs, after school in the ihs library.
2	official: real madrid and atletico madrid will face off sunday october 4, will be played at 20:30, at the calderon.
2	javier tebas: "i had a conversation with real madrid, they rang me on monday night."
2	join the kane's (faculty in residence) on friday night for a baylor watch party in the clubhouse. kickoff is 6:00pm
2	we as christians may ask the question, "why is everything turning to evil and to the worse for the true child of...
2	josh hamilton (knee) was activated but the texasrangers may only use him as a pinch-hitter down the stretch. mlb
2	tomorrow i'll be reunited with my ps4, how sad am i?
2	official: the first derby of the season between real madrid &amp; atletico madrid will be played on october 4. halamadridynadamas
2	_rt_ bobbymoo: jreynoldsmp that's real madrid trying to open the de gea documents sent over by mufc on sunday...
2	hanley ramirez (shoulder) remained out of the red sox' lineup wednesday.
2	seth rollins won by the help of stewart...
2	minajlb softxshug but nicki dissed her first n threw the 1st shots all d while copying her
2	abuja, aug 30 (reuters) - nigeria's security agency said on sunday it had made significant breakthroughs in the fight against boko haram
2	jarbitro it may not be "just" an ethic to christians like us, but unbelievers by definition don't care what the bible says.
2	tunfaisal there we go. i was merely asking you are question. anyway, islam is not to be used for political angling. may allah guide us all
2	stephmcmahon will not do until you make john cena win for 16th time
2	hey folks, it is words with me wednesday and today's open discussion is: do you think kanye west is eligible to...
2	alert: thursday's throwback, sharknado will start immediately after the unc vs. usc football game watch party in the theatre! eta: 10pm
2	nooww it's september 2 and we still don't have our schedules prince george was good?
2	real madrid star cristiano ronaldo announces he is to wed former kenickie guitarist marie du santiago
2	who's going to zac brown band this sunday??
2	the paul mccartney concert may have sold out but the ringo starr concert is free if you buy 2 or more little debbie snack cakes.
2	who getting them gucci foams friday. i didn't like them until i just seen a better picture of them
2	note: this means that if de gea signs for rm in january, he cannot be in real madrid's champions league squad.
2	oliseh unruffled by enyeama's absence for tanzania: chief coach of the super eagles, sunday oliseh has declare...
2	friday fun: who would you like to sing at your wedding? ed sheeran will perform at courteney cox's wedding
2	realmikejoseph little concerned his ascendancy may still some thunder from frank ocean. as you've said, frank better hurry up w/ new album.
2	fuck that i want david price's 11s
2	sacbee_news jesus said he who has not sinned may cast the first stone.w8 that was a whore.jesus then threw rock at gay couple kissing.ryt?
2	donald trump hopes to run against kanye west in 2020: every since kanye west announced sunday that he pl... news
2	going to see paper towns on saturday. i'm hoping it does the book justice.
2	real madrid were offered alberto moreno on spanish transfer deadline day (31 august), but benitez ruled out his arrival. ( as )
2	i get the impression that this guy does not like kanye west, i may be wrong but that's what it looks like to moi
2	mantova-milan: the rossoneri squad: here is the squad of milan. ac milan face mantova f.c. on thursday evening...
2	leaham50 _jaylawrence we started the window with 2 problem areas. needing a 1st xi standard dm and a pacey st as a plan b/back up to kane.
2	wanna see jason aldean, cole swindell &amp; tyler farr in va beach tomorrow night?! it's the burn it down tour and...
2	is it fair to expect more from christians at the work place? more on that this sunday. gospelatwork
2	teamriconda both teams are off tomorrow and home friday. red sox players probably needed a day to go buy new golf clubs.
2	gordonedes bradley still batting 9th. that tells me a lot about the red sox.
2	red sox take the lead, yankees 0, red sox 1 bottom 1st
2	dustinjgreene i think anything featuring hulk hogan may be on it's way out, so i'd better hurry.
2	peppermint &amp; liquorice tea &amp; scott walker on the player. content wednesday evening downtime
2	shonamain i will try that. some scott walker may do the trick.
2	kim kardashian was out in force to support her husband kanye west at the mtv vmas on sunday.
2	plantpollinator you're well-versed in bees, what do you make of rolling stone vs bayer?
2	eight-run 2nd inning for the yankees and i'm just sitting here laughing at the red sox futility
2	white sox - adam eaton is not in the white sox starting lineup on wednesday. alarm
2	kris bryant two-run hr ties the game at 4-4 his 22nd of the year cubs
2	kris bryant first pitch home run swing in the bottom of the 8th. chicagocubs clutch hit
2	why hasn't the aclu taken up arms to defend a gay marriage advocate [ being discriminated!?
2	legacyfied goldrushnews247 what will kanye west 1st lady be doing when he becomes us president? turn white house to nude playing ground.
2	kris bryant his a two-run home run in the 8th to tie it, but then joey votto hits go-ahead 3-run homer in the 9th. reds cubs
2	red sox getting rocked by the yanks, trailing 11 to 1 going to the bottom of the 3rd. stephen drew 3-run homer against his old teammates.
2	the strategy behind playing madrid &amp; milan on the tues &amp; wednesday before a saturday game old trafford?was it a few quid for dl to trouser
2	schedule your dentist appointment for october 7, 8, or 9 at dr. gay's office between 8 and 3 and you might see yours truly
2	what's this? - you may ask. it's a fan project for niall's birthday! want to get noticed by niall? make a video!
2	tifosi, are you ready to meet kimi7 at the new ferraristore in milan tomorrow morning?
2	kris bryant is just too tall to play 3rd base
2	because nicki actually looked up to kim but kim came at her for no reason?? why argue with someone you idolized?
2	the yankees are currently beating the red sox 11-1...in the 4th. all you, blue jays.
2	camila talking about how shawn and her are close friends + some other questions that are answered
2	10 things you should know about nlgja15 - 1. it is the 25th anniversary of the national lesbian and gay journalis...
2	airbnbhelp ok cool. there seem not to be any decent place for tomorrow in milan around the same price tag.
2	today was the 4th time that anthony rizzo and kris bryant homered on the same day, the first time since july 16 at the indians. cubs
2	you should finish with a freestyle cover of bad blood, or when doves cry.
2	as bogaerts hits his 5th home run, why the red sox still think he'll hit for power:
2	new || niall at the u.s. open today today (sept 2) 2
2	my middle daughter just told me a 5th grade presentation in her class was on seth rollins. school wwe education
2	7th trojans "black" team getting it done at milan up 36-0 in the 3rd qtr.
2	when john kasich is beating you in polls, it's time to hang your hat.
2	never understood ppl who have been divorced more than once having a problem with gay marriage.
2	domino's song of the day for tomorrow, september 3rd, is: ed sheeran - photograph listen for it sometime...
2	red sox with a lot of work to do to try and win this. 13-5 down in the 8th.
2	kicks_usa what time do gucci foams go on sale on friday? thanks for the help
2	just like the past, christians still attend service on holy grounds. for example, attending a church on sunday's. hum120
2	it appears that kane is scheduled to return to wwe on monday. what he'll be doing, i have no idea. but my gut is...
2	boxing: movie-man mayweather lashes critics: floyd mayweather said wednesday that he is more likely to end up...
2	remember when scott walker said he wouldn't attack his fellow republicans? good times.
2	(nicki chuckled.) so, you just got here in sun city?
2	donald trump defends kanye west from his haters: as soon as kanye west announced he'd run for president on sun...
2	invited to an expert round table in poland on representation of muslims in the media. organizers keep emailing me "mr." 1st prob right there
2	really hope the red sox play better than this on saturday when i'm at the game
2	on wednesday afternoon, the yankees took out their bats and began to wreck things in a 13-8 win over the red sox.
2	instagood food yankees hit 3 hrs in 8-run 2nd inning, beat red sox 13-8 and leave fenway with series victory
2	someone want to take me to dunkin' tomorrow before school
2	david price and the toronto blue jays offense
2	who else is going to the bluejays vs red sox game at fenway park on labour day monday?
2	white sox take a 2-1 lead in the 2nd on a 2-run triple by maiker feliz. azlplayoffs
2	kanye west created a sexual mario video game in the 7th grade. the ghosts were replaced by floating vaginas. funfact
2	might just go to that red sox game on friday
2	news alarm: carlos beltran (rf - nyy) carlos beltran went 1-for-4 with a two-run home run on wednesday night against the red sox.
2	new york hit three homers during an eight-run 2nd inning and five hrs for the game to top the red sox 13-8. new...
2	white sox had the bases loaded with 1 out in the 3rd with ljay newsome in for pablo lopez &amp; newsome gets the 4-6-3 double-play! m's down 2-1
2	man i just watched kevin gates kick that female for the first time...he punted her face like randy orton. he may do some time for that!
2	who will be evicted; julia or meg? + it's a doubleeviction baby! a weeks worth of big brother in 1 hr, live tomorrow at 9pm on cbs! bb17
2	jrellison05 when's your birthday again ? mines at the very end of the month the 29th. i order janet jackson tickets last night
2	if u have a real madrid jersey wear it tomorrow
2	catch me watching the new naruto in class tomorrow
2	video of niall in the us open (new york 02/sept) -jessenia
2	can't watch big brother tomorrow night because of the cowboys game, but it's also playing on abc. wtf bb17
2	didi gregorius went 2-for-4 with a home run and three runs scored, and the yankees outlasted the red sox 13-8 on wednesday.
2	nirvana is walking through grand rapids while the sun sets, listening to demon days.
2	white sox add a run in the 8th &amp; now lead the m's 3-1. azlplayoffs
2	find out if i can pick up the gucci foams are couple of days early tomorrow
2	this man frank ocean said all our daughters and our sons.. are just candles in the sun... yo.
2	carlos rodon (carlosrodon16) is on pace for his 5th straight quality start (6 ip, 1 er, 4ks), but the white sox are currently down 0-1
2	who's tryna got see ed sheeran in on the 18th?!?!?!?
2	ohitslihi i can't remember it but it's like the 3rd or 4th person niall follows on ig.
2	between college football, big brother, and impractical jokers tomorrow night i'm not gonna be able to leave the tv.
2	anybody know when the 20th anniversary ps4 controller comes out? wanna get my hands on one
2	toyotastadiumtx what time do the gates open saturday for the ed sheeran concert?
2	this isn't the stock market, it's big brother. you need to have some risk to have big reward. playing safe gets you 6th place. bb17
2	news alarm: miguel sano (dh - min) miguel sano went 1-for-3 with a solo home run and a walk on wednesday against the white sox.
2	brewers beat the pirates once again! ryan braun 3 hits, lucroy 3 rbi's and adam kind hr 18. brewers 9 pirates 4. tomorrow on thescorewi
2	brewingwins "no!" am i outa the loop somewhere? this is the 2nd time today i've heard kane &amp; az in same breath.
2	i plan on playing in the doesplaynacod pro series this friday and saturday. anyone else? free shot at $250 on both xb1 and ps4!
2	whatever wednesday's at machine is very... whatever so far- with a group of red sox game tourists it seems.
2	charlotte, the new day, triple h, john cena and others sit down with michael cole every wednesday in
2	only way the blue jays magic number can crop tomorrow is if white sox beat the twins
2	all i've done today is eat blue bell ice cream and get emo over my ed sheeran concert tomorrow. and honestly i'm okay with that.
2	satarinps3 ea_australia people playing it already on ps3 or ps4, may still be using battlefield 4: community test environment (bf4:cte).
2	laydii_tii we will ! i'm about to apply at your dunkin tomorrow when i get off work tbh
2	cubs (r) kris bryant went 1-for-4 with a run scored, two rbis (83rd &amp; 84th) alongside his 22nd home run. mlb
2	crywastaken this may be a weird question but what sexuality are you? (straight, gay, bi, or pan) i just wanna know, not gonna change feels.
2	if the rumours i'm hearing are true, this next batch of nxt hires may actually be better than the "nxt kliq"(owens,balor,itami,zayn,neville)
2	legendary chuck norris may visit azerbaijan: sabir suleymanov, chairman of the martial art of judo, head of th...
2	if you see me tomorrow i'll be by dunkin sitting by myself come find me
2	tuesday raw roundtable: sting, dudleys, seth rollins clashes with stephanie, divas beat the clock: wwe had ano...
2	may allah remove the hardships from the muslims in syria, allow them to live in peace. sad to see small children...
2	iron maiden with quiet riot as special guest at madison square garden nyc - october 8th, 1983 iron maiden new...
2	naruto's son has alot to live up to ... he's the son of the 7th hokage and grandson of the 4th hokage
2	so i decided to make some predictions. roma win serie a, juve 2nd and the two milan clubs battle for the last cl spot. it goes to inter.
2	real madrid's goalkeeper keylor navas sat on a private jet for an hour as he waited to see i...
2	zayn's family have their last day in la. they will be leaving tomorrow.
2	ed sheeran concert tomorrow! too bad i'm going to be super cranky lol
2	rangers josh hamilton went 1-for-1 while pinch hitting in the 9th. mlb
2	breaking from the "11th commandment," scott walker targets jeb bush in a new video
2	cnn amends debate criteria, carly fiorina may get in - cnn has modified its standards for who qualifies for the su...
2	sangha is bjp marga darshak, but not like 10 jan path.sangha has no political ambitions, it is4all, muslims also.
2	going to pick myself up at ps4 on the 11th me thinks
2	nobunaga's ambition: sphere of influence launches on ps4 tomorrow. i believe this is the ps4's first strategy title.
2	anyone tryna go see zac brown band with me oct 16
2	milan fans living through bee, he's living our dream. just please get rid of galliani before buying the club
2	nuniente wayans brothers need to be in the new friday movie wit ice cube, chris tucker, and kevin hart. no question.
2	i guess real madrid will make another move for him in early jan. both navas &amp; degea must feel so crappy...
2	oliseh likes what he sees: nigeria coach sunday oliseh says his super eagles side are a work in progr... femnath
2	"the fairest graces spring in hearts that ever sing may jesus christ be praised" christians under value the ministry of song in the heart
2	f1nsternis might see you on saturday as sunday will be hectic. i've got a flight today then from london to milan tomorrow!
2	i think the boys may have thinking about zayn at the otraphiladelphia when they sang fresh prince bel air
2	kanye west said all these things i've been saying "as long you dont do shit for yourself they will use you, theirs 1st"
2	"1dasiacrew: niall at the 2015 us open tennis tournament in nyc yesterday (2 sept) 5-8
2	just like they say it in the sun until the dawn lets marvin gay and get it on
2	brianth27809143 now danawhite makes it sound like tate fighting rousey twice is a news flash! he already announced their 3rd fight senile?
2	skip 1st period with me and drive me to dunkin. i'll buy you coffee and donuts.
2	david de gea to join real madrid in the january transfer window?: 4/11 no; 2/1 yes. mufc
2	musicmaniastoke hi guys. will you have the new iron maiden vinyl in tomorrow?
2	if you fight floyd mayweather 5 times and he fights the same each time, you better believe you'll have a better chance the 5th time.
2	live music news for brecon: roachford playing brycheiniog sun, sept 27 with the christians soul rnb
2	nikestore will the foamposite pro gucci be available on line tomorrow?
2	i'm mainly just waiting on cameron's on the 8th, jack g's on the 10th &amp; then niall's on the 13th
2	september 3rd 2015, frank ocean's album still hasn't dropped. every day at 4 o'clock i check if it has come out yet.
2	7th round: when is niall's birthday? first to get 5 points wins the dm with liam
2	anyone want to buy 2 tickets to the foo fighters in milton keynes on sunday, one of my workmates has some mates taht cant go
2	shawn: "you'll never be alone when you miss me close your eyes i may be far but never gone" me: shawnmendes
2	toucherandrich - sorry guys but iron maiden has taken over serious xm 40 for the wk. be back monday
2	as christians we may harbor unrealistic expectations for ourselves. but even if we can somehow manage the...
2	brammered bojancairkic ben_rowley56 yeah if you're going to get a milan shirt then make it the home one. or the awful gold 3rd kit.
2	waynedupreeshow freedom of religion was the primary reason ppl came to america in the 1st place. "gay" marriage was unheard of 350 yrs ago.
2	i remember when niggas use to compete with me on who knew the most gucci lol real deal fan hear since a 4th grader lol unk put me on
2	1st she said im gay, then she said im a drunkard, then she said im a player now she gives me her numbers without me asking her..---&gt; d
2	the undertaker looks to avenge the streak when he faces brock lesnar at summerslam, this sunday at 7e/4p, live on...
2	osman guiterriez (1.50) tossed 6 innings of 1 run ball as the dsl bluejays were blanked by the red sox, wednesday .
2	jeremyjoseph for hometown on saturday what tube stop is gay bar near? and what time can we arrive at the club?
2	add a show in milan on october 24th and attend the emas the day after fifthharmony it's not hard
2	with the 25-man squads done, here are some celebrities who didn't quite make it in.1st up is milan fan kobebryant
2	azealia banks may find herself in another hot situation after she involved herself in the miley cyrus and nicki...
2	i'm going to a red sox game tomorrow. i'm going to try to not get injured.
2	**throwback thursday - venice, italy** in 2008 i traveled to milan to study a summer fashion course. over the...
2	hearing petercards will be the main event vs umberto lucci (0-1) in milan on sep 26. paulmalignaggi on undercard. cw 250 pounds.
2	have you ever wondered if christians and muslims worship the same god? our theology thursday answers that question!
2	today ucf will be having their 1st football game. if you want to come, meet by dunkin donuts 4:30 in towers plaza. bring your ids!
2	where are you friday sept 18th? at the wwe live show with champion seth rollins, dean ambrose, roman reigns and more.
2	to my students, we won't have class tomorrow. please listen to led zeppelin, acdc, nirvana, foo fighters and of course the beatles. thanks.
2	worldsoccershop hi there, i have question i want to purchase the real madrid 3rd kit can you guys add the champions league patches
2	russjohns8 slinger1970 _lapdog i've gotta admit i'm not too sure yet about kane mysen... got a lot to live up to after that 1st season
2	tommy milone shut out the white sox for seven innings wednesday to improve to 7-4. twins
2	white sox arms of the future measured wednesday on the sano factor via mlb
2	real madrid have asked keylor navas to cancel his flight out of madrid on monday as they try to include him in the deal that would finally
2	swearboxdj jackobt musical chuck norris. but you know, bury tomorrow bonking has a ring to it
2	ht edit dt 3 sept: centre must heed mr hamid ansari &amp; plumb the full depths of muslim exclusion . ensure muslims full rights as citizens
2	tune in today between 6am-7pm for the jason aldean double play thursday for a chance to win tickets to the show...
2	twins miguel sano is not in the twins' starting lineup on thursday afternoon against the white sox.
2	jason_aldean kane just had his 6th heart surgery 4 wks ago-now he's home jamming!
2	niallofficial calm down niall she don't want 7th row tickets
2	ted cruz dusted off a joke about chuck norris's pajamas to wish jim demint a happy birthday wednesday.
2	tom brady's suspension lifted. if it was wwe,he would kickoff raw monday+reveal the authority made it happen. brock lesnar enters.boom!f5.
2	gugucachoo (2) i proved to you that muslims had attacked us for 400 years before the 1st crusade, meaning you are wrong. correct?
2	just to spite real madrid, could we release ddg from his contract in january early , only on condition he joins atletico madrid only?
2	zehduck tonybasilio i think the red sox may be more popular around that region as well. have many more fans nationally than pats
2	scottwalker as i understand it,scott walker pleaded the 5th 85 or 90 times for medicare fraud.but ,you know,he's a republican, so its okay.
2	the raw beauty of ghosts of the great highway and april is so much better than "milk, a dozen eggs, cat food/ i saw nirvana on tv in 1992"
2	thursday night spent feeling sad n listening to sam smith lol the usual xox
2	when kanye west told george bush that black lives matter...as much as i may not like him. it was the truth!
2	here's 23 "facts" that you may not know about me.. chuck norris...
2	gay emojis just like what cam uses
2	3d playing tonight on our back deck 6-9pm. off duty angels tomorrow night 7:30-11. sam adams promo and red sox...
2	photo: gucci foamposites drop tomorrow. we got the up on our site right now. go check it out!!!!...
2	group backing scott walker is spending more than $8m on ads in sc starting early nov through the primary:
2	went to an event hosted by twistedfriday where i sang 'lay me down' by sam smith and the wrong minus one was played
2	eid is on the 11/9/2015 check your lunar calendar not the gregorian deadbeat one
2	my chum has 2 etickets for foo fighters at mk bowl for this sunday, but illness is stopping them going. up for face value foofighters
2	available now! get the youth real madrid 3rd jersey. available with cr7, bale, james or more:
2	new york (reuters) - gay and civil rights activists gathered in downtown brooklyn on thursday to condemn the prosecution of the chief...
2	national news - oklahoma wesleyan university is now the 2nd christian college to leave cccu over hiring of gay...
2	erik johnson to start for white sox on sunday: white sox pitcher, erik johnson, will make his first major-lea...
2	spookychews hangover city on a sunday morning - we might not even make it back to the hotel to sleep if we end up in gay :))
2	seeing tenthavenorth tomorrow at lifelight! hoping a cover of "bad blood" is included in the set list!
2	j.b. shuck in to pinch hit for saladino in the 7th. white sox have runners on 2nd and 3rd, 1 out. they're down 4-3.
2	johnson to start sunday as sale pushed back: erik johnson will start for the white sox in sunday's series fina...
2	kno clarknova1 nirvana may be the face of grunge but they didn't create it. df may have many hands in but they aint 90% responsible
2	nonewmsgs kimdavis917 if god's on the winning side of gay marriage, he may want to update his book and let a few million pastors know.
2	jennings, being used in higher leverage situations, in to face mauer with escobar on first and one out in the 7th. 6-4 white sox
2	woke up like ice cube on friday put on the deebos an made a bowl of cereal then noticed there's no milk lmao
2	janet jackson misses grammy deadline on purpose with new album, due october 2: via showbiz411
2	i'm selling a lawn ticket for jason aldean this coming friday! dm me if you're interested!
2	in spite of claims by george osborne to be fixing the roof whilst the sun is shining, structural weaknesses persist -
2	reza_rahman what did you say number 235? you may be becoming a liability and eventually a statistic. do not taunt "happy big brother!"
2	unbreakable will mark the 1st time janet jackson has opened up about her brother michael jackson
2	white sox load the bases but don't score, so david robertson in to pitch with a 6-4 lead in the bottom of the 9th.
2	twins lose 6-4 to the white sox, falling 1.5 games behind idle texas in the race for the final al wc spot. minnesota travels to houston fri.
2	grimstoyshow grim did you know that kane will return on monday night raw
2	and the 2nd shift of the day starts at 1st thursdays in canton waterfront park until 10pm with sogh - shawn...
2	white sox 6-4 over twins??!! they came from behind in the 7th
2	when our love for something or someone takes us out of the boundaries of islam, that love that may once have been...
2	deejaysilver1 can i get hooked with tickets from you for the jason aldean in bristow, va jiffy lube live? can we burn it down in va sept 12
2	ashton5sos actually i was at the 3rd or 4th one. do you remember which show was milan?
2	kyliekennyy it's coming the 17th and i want to go shawn is being a brat
2	good read (by dtguardian) about kane laughing off "one season wonder" comments:
2	it's true. 93.8% of christians in the u.s. are in prison.
2	dean ambrose 5. dean5ambrose5 have you seen these enthralling marshall mathers images? you may want to see:
2	u2's bono reveals he may never play guitar again following horrific bike accident
2	"what's good this thursday? tbt to nicki and miley's heated exchange at the vmas! mileywhatsgood" :
2	listening to the full interview now. hoping there's some context to the kane remarks.
2	still have two tickets to summers end for sunday with kanye west, chance the rapper, etc. if anybody wants to buy them.
2	david de gea's move to real madrid from manchester united dramatically collapsed on monday night. pete jenson answers the burning
2	catch me on the news tomorrow: girl cries herself to death at ed sheeran concert
2	two zac brown band tickets for sale for tomorrow night at the molson amphitheatre. $100/pair.
2	gucci foams 1st thing in the morning...
2	well, we got to milan in one piece. first item on the shopping list tomorrow, italian phrase book! although it...
2	justeric the 14th amend applies to race pal, get the states to ratify one for gay marriage. i am trying to work and participate here bud
2	jjohnotha he may never play for real madrid,if they really wanted him then why only bid so late?more to this than they let on offsideliam
2	more pics of niall and liam at the u.s. open sep 02. otrabuffalo louisbackto1d
2	probably gon be able to walk in the store and get dem gucci foams tomorrow, looks like they'll have a lot of pairs....
2	the gladiatorial contests in rome were not ceased because the christians in rome all sat on their hand. one monk stood up and yelled 'cease'
2	vinicius vieira silv. viniciusnasha90 have you seen these enticing katy perry images? you may like:
2	the mntwins bullpen faltered thursday afternoon in a 6-4 loss to the white sox at target field. |
2	want to be upgraded to floor seats?! share your ed sheeran selfie with livebright tonight &amp; bbvacompass just may pick you for the upgrade!
2	jonathan lucroy walks with one down in brewers 1st but ryan braun grounds into 4-6-3 double play. it's 0-0 after one.
2	kenyounos what exactly is 'fact' about islam? and who are u referring to as inbreeds - u do know that islam allows cousins to wed..right?
2	tobymcdonough lets go see ed sheeran at the amway center on september 8th
2	many ppl have to put religious beliefs aside when it comes to work: jews, muslims, 7th day adventists etc. why kim davis think she special?
2	rochester strikes first with a run in the 4th off pawsox starter edwin escobar and it's 1-0 red wings over red sox going to bottom 4th
2	why is it u never hear, "...the so called muslim."?it's always the 1st thing someone says when pointing a finger at christians. kimdavis
2	he must of heard frank ocean is doing the same thing
2	no stream tonight, gonna relax after a rough drive home. see you tomorrow for iron maiden's "the book of souls" &amp; dark souls ii :)
2	maybe you've heard of the two heavenly bodies we know as the sun and the moon. they're actually chuck norris' testicles.
2	jimmybear2 she may have never met a gay guy. if she does, she may change her tune when she is charmed &amp; actually laughs 4 the 1st time
2	imagine if kimdavis targeted conservatives instead of gay marriage. she'd take the 5th and keep her pension.
2	yo! dean ambrose is in 12 rounds 3....... i still haven't seen 12 rounds 2..... i love the 1st movie with john cena smackdown
2	anyone want to go to sam smith october 6th???
2	ryan braun swipes second base (sealing his fourth 20/20 season) to set up a go-ahead double for khris davis. it's 2-1 brewers in the 5th.
2	megynkelly as usual, sentedcruz has the most compelling argument in favor of christians to exercise their 1st amendment religion rights.
2	who's going to get them gucci foams tomorrow
2	they just called me gotta go pick them gucci foams up tomorrow
2	tryna get the gucci foamposites tomorrow!
2	jason aldean ticket for sell. dm me if you want it. it's for saturday night
2	super eagles and leprosy tag 53 rated in the world, serious work for sunday oliseh and his employers.
2	harry_styles you're gonna be watching this game not going to niall's party ok
2	4jstudios even though tomorrow is xbox1 and ps4 birthday for having minecraft it still should be fair to us because old gen was orginal.
2	"i pack benjamins" floyd mayweather stuffing $1 milly into bag like its nothing may make u feel some type a way
2	heaven knows i'm not on here to self promote- i'm here for the conversation - but my new show with ice cube is up
2	aaronnnnnnn_ i'm getting mine in like 2 weeks because i'm buying the gucci foams tomorrow and i had to pay my motorcycle bill so u got 2 wk
2	oh right, it was the 3rd of september today: "papa was a rolling stone".
2	shitty week, but got a 6er of phillips coulrophobia india red ale for bed &amp; a new iron maiden double lp is out tomorrow for the long weekend
2	sting on monday night raw: would you like some pepper with your salt, seth rollins?
2	magsmacaulay how about: "the female gays". "purple gays". "make gay while the sun shines". "fifty shades of gay"
2	"hey shawn, you're suspended for friday's game" "no i'm not" "you right. i'm sorry. i'm suspended. good luck fam"
2	coach: shawn, you're suspended for the game friday. shawn: no, i'm playing. coach: you're right, play good champ.
2	bettybowers like christians working for the saudi government would have to follow muslim law? i thought here there is the 1st ammendment.
2	jummamubarak to all muslims, may allah forgive us in this holy day...ameen!
2	white house responds to kanye west's presidential bid, rihanna says she'd vote for yeezy: on sunday at the 201...
2	teapartytempest mtfiii kq4w3w i'm also aware the audience may not like my take: pro-choice, gay marriage, can't we just all get along...
2	*at school tomorrow* friend: "did you see what niall tweeted ca-" me : friend: nvm
2	mkbhd 1st do you need an intern? moto x pure or note 5? real madrid or barcelona? teamkrispy
2	is it just me are does anyone else notice we have a muslim president and islam is on the march thru out the world. chistians voted for obama
2	cjgam3z naruto started it all then got into inuyasha, cowboy bebop now im watching ikkitousen like there's no tomorrow kreygasm
2	finally friday . kicking off today with some iron maiden metalfriday ironmaiden
2	so you dey fear cos of these "lion king" names??? don't worry the super eagles will soar to heights they can't see!!
2	does anyone know what time iggy pop and royal blood will be on stage at the foo fighters in milton keynes on sat? foofighters royalblood
2	ahmbacon should i continue your sentence? 1st to be "kicked out"?! in the history of kpop
2	digitalnirvana is having a robot to complete all pending household work, so that i may tweet longer cromaretail digital nirvana with croma
2	ogbenidipo adunni_abiola does practice of almajiri in d north make it islamic. muslims may at times not practice islam
2	blue_hawke jeremycarrigan_ colfersangel gay marriage is here today but don't think for a moment it can't disappear tomorrow.
2	how to make friday morning even better? cup of coffee and the new iron maiden album on spotify.
2	nigeria has retained 53rd position in the latest fifa global rankings released on thursday. super eagles will...
2	toshho david_vaporium mikejack41 i think he may have voted against or abstained on gay rights actually so they'd paint him as a hypocrit
2	head banging to nirvana at breakfast time (beck, not me). must be friday. although now he feels sick. highs and lows...
2	mufc: real madrid's florentino perez launched a blistering attack at manchester united's ed woodward over the david de gea fiasco - the sun
2	hulk hogan and the wrestling boot band hulk rules 1995 cassette sealed unopened: $9.47end date: friday... vinyl
2	ok so i may or may not have bought some shorts at the concert that say ed sheeran across my butt
2	liverpool flop mario balotelli delivers remarkable real madrid snub with barcelona joke: mar... ff horluwargbear
2	gamehull please can you tell me when the 20th anniversary ps4 controller is released? thanks!
2	seetickets i'm due to see foo fighters on sunday and i've bought car parking tickets, it doesn't state on the ticket which car park to use
2	gamechanger_k when will the 20th anniversary ps4 controller be available and for how much is it likely to go for?
2	counting down to the itbeginswithme event at expo2015milano this sunday 1900 cest with u2's bono! zerohunger
2	real madrid tried to get de gea on the cheap like fergie said they are a shower. they may get him for free later but at least mufc big club
2	did i mention i'm going to see foo fighters tomorrow?
2	scotrail hi, will extra trains be put on from edinburgh-fife next tuesday after the foo fighters gig?
2	i'll be at the wordpress meetup in milan next tuesday - spots still available!
2	hope woy mixes it up for the game tomorrow,i'd start butland, rooney in the 10 role behind kane. bring vardy and barkley on when 5-0 up eng
2	my nightmare for the season with our unbalanced squad is we finish 7th/8th then all our best players (hugo, kane, eriksen etc) want to leave
2	what happened at the concert, anything momentous. how was 18, lilo fights, niall's dancing ??c'mon give me the details
2	u2 - live under a blood red sky by u2 was no.14 in the uk album charts on 4 september 1985
2	hi everyone! our new 'nirvana' mix is out on itunes tomorrow, but you can listen to it early by clicking this...
2	kris_sacrebleu when it comes to gay rights, progressives pretty much stop at the border/1st world (russia, italy lip service).
2	imdony_ its in milan, so hopefully it will be there today. it was a bank holiday on monday which may cause delay so no later than monday
2	stopped at dunkin and got a spot on the 3rd floor? itsgonnabeagoodday
2	tom brady was going in the 6th round in ff and now those picks are about to prosper.
2	kane: i'm no flash in the pan: harry kane can understand why people may say he could be a 'o... soccer football
2	photographer nabil elderkin on shooting kanye west, nelson mandela and war: complex has sat down with esteemed...
2	eddie rosario connected for a grand slam in the third inning of thursday afternoon's 6-4 loss to the white sox.
2	tucson gay couple gets license to wed in kentucky county - a gay couple walked out of a kentucky courthouse with ...
2	tom brady may well become the first player to try to sue his way into the hall of fame. his legal maneuvers are ruining his legacy.
2	hugh hewitt show: donald trump and carly fiorina give contrasting interviews: on september 16th, at the ronald...
2	the red sox can play spoiler down the stretch
2	ozfm takes no responsibilty for any "accidents" that may occur during the powertrip to ed sheeran in sydney
2	gamespot oh the 5th one in the back is john cena for sure
2	today: kimdavis, gay marriage, gender trends, persecution, rise up and stand tomorrow you'll care more about football americanchristianity
2	tom brady has started 13 straight opening games, tied for 4th-longest streak by qb. it looks as if it will continue.
2	yankees vs. white sox saturday september 26. seats in section 226 right behind the white sox dugout! labor day...
2	this coming sunday, nathanlino continues the series on 5 major spiritual strongholds among christians: anger. ephesians 4:26-27.
2	ticketmasteruk hi - do you know when doors open/acts start at foo fighters gig at mk bowl tomorrow (saturday)?
2	tom brady may be considered great but he will always have an * by his name,just like barry bonds.
2	is anyone going to the us open tennis tournament today? if so, niall and liam may show up again if not both of them niall may .x
2	niall e camila . they are just frinds guys c'mon she is a "fan" l mean she is like us so stop it
2	gay marriage at the court: 2nd kentucky couple comes for license to wed via washtimes
2	the 30-year-old dressed up for her day out in milan, on thursday, sporting a plunging black top and caged heels as she made strides along
2	tom brady 6th round pick aaron rodgers played at a community college cus he didn't get a d1 offer. nuts
2	dear italian harmonizers: you'll at least be able to see the girls in milan the 25th. better than nothing, i guess.
2	can we get tom brady off every sports channel now? penn state is about to start an undefeated season tomorrow
2	can we finally talk about how badly tom brady is going to shred the steelers defense next thursday?
2	at last the dam breaks: gay couple gets license to wed in kentucky county: via aol
2	that friday feeling at real madrid: real madrid completed the week with the 16 players they are miss... [info rm]
2	you never know when a tom brady comes back around
2	nationalrailenq guppyworld007 is this for the foo fighters. is it saturday or sunday night you are asking about please?
2	howiwish that there will be no story from tanzania tomorrow super eagles will really by super! what do you wish? newfanzone gidi_traffic
2	niall's little interviews were the highlight of this video not gonna lie
2	"ww1dupdates: liam and niall at the u.s. open - september 2 -s 98-101
2	vizmedia got it on pre-order, now we just need the 7th hokage and the scarlet spring to get a print release &amp; the day naruto became hokage
2	undertaker-style, blakeindc just tapped out to the "brock lesnar of soups". dude didn't even get 1/3rd in smh.
2	also this: multiple sources told me the red sox did confiscate signs in support of orsillo at fenway last monday, despite denial from sox.
2	my mate in turin has spare ticket for u2 gig tomorrow. i was going but we had a baby this wk! any f1 fans in monza want it dm me. genuine
2	starting wednesday, september 15th, big brother will move to sunday's, tuesday's and wednesday's for the rest of the season. bb17
2	aamaro79 i hope that you have sort of a clear image about islam and muslims. it may look a bit complicated , but if you read , you'll know
2	backhoeman1940 senbennetco with that view, i'm sure you may also believe radical islam will suddenly lay down their arms &amp; b peaceful
2	heatherm999 not blaming muslims or migrants for every problem under the sun doesn't mean not liking white ppl, does it?
2	persecutionnews pray for christians everywhere that are being persecuted. we never know when it may be us that is in their shoes.
2	carasikpfs people expect us to land a tom brady in the 6th with td at the helm. not gonna happen.
2	kim davis standing ground as gay couples get licenses: as the couples began receiving mar... via carlostudor1035
2	i really wish the judge of the tom brady case would have given me heads up on sunday, because i skipped on drafting him due to the 4 games.
2	anyone want to buy my foo fighters ticket for tomorrow?!?
2	i'm going to milan tomorrow, jen can you come out from nowhere let's meet x
2	who do you reckon will start upfront tomorrow for england? rooney, kane or the highest english premier league goal scorer?
2	marounskii just sent you a request off the app. i'll get my ps4 on the 15th
2	.after the budget in july from the newly elected conservative government, the chancellor, george osborne, pctm
2	nigeria coach sunday oliseh is bracing the super eagles for a tough clash against tanzania in thei...
2	urfavmisandrist ur not wrong but think what would happen to muslims in the west if turkey, algeria etc invaded europe tomorrow
2	tom brady: a free man: there are parades in the streets of new england! historians are saying thursday septemb...
2	republican presidential candidate carly fiorina said thursday that signing a republican loyalty pledge is about "your word" but
2	friday night baseball! stop by village tavern tonight for phillies red sox starting at 7:10!
2	marclamonthill, because that "belief" was actually law, i could agree. tom brady "believed" he may have known about deflated footballs...
2	patriots tom brady may or may not know anything about deflating footballs, but he can deflate nfl commission goodell godcomplex
2	txiconoclast sabrinasiddiqui may you find peace in life. i think i'm too educated to argue with sum1 who thinks islam is a cult. take care
2	super eagles coach, sunday ogorchukwu oliseh has downplayed the absence of lille metropole of france keeper, vincent enyeama from his squad
2	me and nina pull up to dunkin and she does "hey may i have a oreo mcflurry".... oh nina
2	now that cheater tom brady is back, the steelers defense needs to step up for opening night next thursday! sm3410
2	coach sunday oliseh will be in charge for the 1st time as super eagles manager as nigeria tackle tanzania on saturday. madeofgreen
2	was it about katy perry? my oldest rts are all about her.
2	i was part of 40-minute radiointerfaith w askakbar show on muslims, europe and the refugee crisis. on npr on sunday
2	bruce i mean caitlyn jenner likes tradition...if he loses the dangly bits i may call him a her
2	so, buying a ps4 tomorrow. comes with arkhamknight. any recommendations for a 2nd game? quite like the look of the last of us...
2	nigeria's super eagles have arrived in tanzania ahead of the game against the taifa stars on saturday. super...
2	kane returns monday on raw will we see the mask or not wwe
2	nirvana climbed into the top 5 of the united counties league with a 4-2 victory at desborough on tuesday
2	ft valladolid 1-1 real madrid | barcelona's last 2 liga games: away vs elche on sunday &amp;amp; at home vs atletico the week after.
2	lilyinthefield i'm not going to own something that's not true. some muslims may be criminals but that doesn't mean islam is evil.
2	new music friday: iron maiden's "book of souls" limited edition cd with hardback book! ironmaiden lddelta
2	isitok that kanye west may become president of the western world one day?
2	jchamp3 i still have the file i typed up matt went first, me 2nd and 3rd, so on - 1. beyonce 2. jennifer lopez 3. katy perry
2	religious freedom, purposely protected by 1st a., is now trampled by the scotus decision on gay marriage.imwithkim
2	tom brady was our 7 qb before the news of his suspension being lifted.. we now have him up in front of c. newton. proj: 5th rd pick
2	they'll be giving glocks away the first friday of the rockets' season at toyota center; come early and get a traveling gucci bag for storage
2	but if i don't go to the game tomorrow and niall does go i'll be very upset
2	the part in last friday night by katy perry where they start chanting "tgif" sounds like a sacrifice is about to happen
2	why do i continue to call shawn a kid when he is older than me? the world may never know
2	niall is at the us open again today - september 4 2
2	britain is increasingly like the 19th with 'strictly' and ps4. caesar had his bread and circuses...
2	vickie_13x i want the gucci trainers by tomorrow.
2	redsox pablo sandoval was scratched from the red sox' lineup friday due to mid-back tightness.
2	director's cut blog | "ellen" kicks off 13th season with caitlyn jenner on channel 3. details:
2	i'm watching youtube cuz i gave up with my ps4 and gta, so no gaming with bkneale1 today but hopefully it will work tomorrow
2	just got home to my mums place, left my ps4 at my uni appartment.. so my psyqo200krc has officially ended.. i'll upload it tomorrow.
2	any females copping the gucci foamposites tomorrow? if so checkout our passion for fashion tee to match.
2	a new bundle for potential ps4 owners. contains the first three uncharted games remastered
2	bbfeedster that pout may work with daddy but it doesn't work at big brother lmao!!!!
2	miss universe 2014 gabriela isler and miss usa attend the 2014 us open's 14th annual usta opening night tennis .
2	solomon kwambe expected to start at right back for the super eagles tomorrow vs tanzania as leon balogun remains a major doubt for the game
2	niall mentioned san diego and that's all you really need to know.
2	camilacabello97 hedonisticregui you just saw shawn last sunday
2	"staver said the group believes the first marriage licenses issued to gay couples on friday are void and "not...
2	scoreless 1st frame for salem and potomac. the nats ' s with a single, the red sox with a walk. 0-0 top 2nd.
2	.shawnmendesny is selling one ticket for the island show in ny including shawn and other artists on sept 8 for $56.
2	first debate: is tom brady a cheater or is he innocent? be in the lecture hall at lunch on september 17th to find out.
2	remember when soulja thought he was lil b, then gucci, then chief keef, now he tryna be the 4th migo ctfuu
2	could have gotten ugly for morgan in 1st after first 3 red sox hitters reached. but he only allows 1 run to score. struck out ortiz looking.
2	no. 108 un jorit mar dala zayun (watchman on the walls of zion) doh is c 1. un...
2	divinelightmstr the 5th d.(sleeping state or high ascension level).. there's also nirvana the mind, fits into the body*, chemical bliss
2	may or may not be wearing a leaf village headband while watching new naruto rn (hint: it's lit)
2	n.a.n.m.k. nuramalinajwa pretty katy perry images. you may want to check:
2	sting talks about triple h and seth rollins - wwe raw august 31 2015
2	since first three red sox hitters reached to open the game, morgan has retired 12 of last 13 batters he's faced. phillies lead 2-1 in 5th.
2	when you were invited to an ed sheeran concert tomorrow at 7 but you turn it down cause a retreat that you've been lookin forward to is at 2
2	red sox tie it up, phillies 2, red sox 2 bottom 5th
2	ed sheeran is gonna be here tomorrow and i'm not going and that makes me really sad.
2	johncena,u have ur rematch 4 the us title match at noc,but seth rollins may make sure u don't win that title back anew. he's desperate.
2	kris bryant is like 8th in the nl in rbis as a rookie &amp; missed what? near a month at start of season to ensure future contract status!?!?
2	rios beats tag in 8th, royals sweep white sox ...it was starwars night at the k.
2	david price was pitching against bluejays that day.
2	cellarsinger islam is still protected under the 1st amendment.
2	anyone want to go to a red sox game tomorrow? hmuuuu
2	john danks retires the royals lineup in order in the 3rd, 4th and 5th innings. white sox still leading 6-0, top of 6.
2	scoreless 7th inn for salem and potomac, we head to the 8th with the red sox leading 6-2. rhp derek self through 2.1 scoreless inn of relief
2	june 26, christianity's nine eleven. kim davis.... its first causality. must all christians now leave the public sector or conform?
2	if by "christians" you mean labor unions, then sure.
2	ldpride wins 28-10 over jrtfootball 1st win of the season. next fri. at home vs. prince george.
2	i told my uncle that wade miley is pitching for the red sox tomorrow and he responded "i'd rather see miley twerk than see him pitch"
2	let's go ld! let's keep it up for next weeks american out against prince george!
2	that may be it for the mets tonight. you may not get a better scoring chance than bases loaded with david wright up. three more outs to go.
2	the yankees have the sharp lefty matt moore on the hill against eovaldi tomorrow. so give david price some runs.
2	hq photos of niall in the us open today 04/september, in the city of new york, united states.
2	hq || niall at the us open in nyc (sept 2nd 2015) 29-32
2	in the 8th it has really started to get out of hand the white sox now lead the royals 12-0 in the 8th
2	lucky for shawn you don't need spell check and good grammar to participate in a radio debate. troycrazy cohoesnuts
2	holliday just asked pap if this was the most exciting game he's ever been in. uh, he ended the red sox 1st ws win in 86 years, so prob not..
2	atty says kimdavis is reading bible in jail. maybe she'll finally realize jesus said nothing about gay marriage.
2	tom brady on deflategate: 'we have all lost': in a facebook post friday night, brady wrote he is "s... nfl news
2	mrwhitehawt mt "ardenzwelling: the last time the bluejays lost by 4+ runs? july 4; 50 games ago. david price got the win for the tigers"
2	if you want off the bandwagon, go ahead. david price starts tomorrow. bluejays
2	ready for the jason aldean concert tomorrow tho
2	camrenspoetry zayn left on the 25th. i guess i should have added 1d but
2	john cena looked woozy from the pop-up powerbomb, then even more after the messed up sunset flip
2	request for ppl in media : dont take the opinions of organisations (however religious they may be) as the voice of muslims. they do not.
2	weei flash: red sox beat the phillies 7-5. more: -- msg&amp;data rates may apply, stop2cxl.
2	askplaystation i would purchase ps4 tomorrow however until the logitech g27 is fully supported across the board, no deal!!!
2	blakebastard did u hear the oreos 3rd basemen tom brady is free!
2	pburrows hi, i'm with kpcc-npr in la. are you available to be on airtalk tues. to discuss carly fiorina? are you following her race?
2	if you ever wanna believe the sun just remeber that they once wrote about zayn and louis secretly getting married in thailand...
2	ed sheeran concert at 7 pm tomorrow. getting in line at like 9 lol. need to get close to the stage bruh
2	orioles-blue jays preview: the baltimore orioles face david price on saturday, and the toronto blue jays are i...
2	i don't know a lot of birthdays but one i have memorized is naruto uzumaki's. october 10th. i told my roomie and she just started laughing
2	wright set to start after coming off dl friday: --david price will make his seventh star...
2	if my mom goes t the u.s. open tomorrow without me and niall is there i will end myself so fast
2	just some where did you sleep last night by nirvana (acoustic) because celesteevanovic may need it.
2	i remember when haterade by nicki pharrell and gucci was my ringtone in the 4th grade
2	tom brady breaks deflategate silence, announces august 3rd as birthday and asks that you, "like me," on facebook...
2	2nd look at the end of the botched move between kevin owens and john cena tonight at wwehampton
2	i was worried for a bit that john cena may have been behind the kennedy assassination because i couldn't see him when it happened.
2	move from kevin owens that may have injured john cena tonight.
2	a rwandan pastor has made the record of conducting the largest conversion of christians to muslims on tuesday,...
2	video of the possible injury to john cena at wwe live event - - as noted, john cena may have suffered an injury at...
2	a new era for the nigeria national team starts today; sunday oliseh's first game in charge of the super eagles, v tanzania. afcon2017
2	sheseauxsaditty excellence. (speaking of, that may be the only paul mccartney song in my rotation right now, other than hey jude).
2	did i ever tell you htat i had a really well thought out naruto oc when i was in like 5th/6th grade with a back story and everything
2	super eagles play tanzania today. most nigerians are just waiting for them to lose so they lambast sunday oliseh and the whole of nff.
2	why is everyone talking about niall's bday it's not until the 13th ok i have 8 more days until i panic bc he's 22
2	harry today im alone at home, and tomorrow night is zayn's birthday.i want to make sure that he will notice me.
2	ahmed musa may be the youngest ever captain of the super eagles at 22. i need some help to verify this. [away from database]
2	carljunglebhoy mate of mine markopronto heading your way mon night for the u2 gigs. he's looking to paying homage at the fenian lampost.
2	sat listening to the new iron maiden album with a coffee. waiting to go to the venue for today's hogroast.
2	man utd eyed real madrid quartet? arsenal fc star to quit? rooney ready to make history - saturday's back pages
2	tennessee 7th graders assignment: write &amp; recite 'allah is the only god' in 3 week focus on islam in history class
2	what time are foo fighters, iggy pop &amp; royal blood on stage at the national bowl on sat 5 &amp; sun 6? | onemk
2	hulkamania4ever sept 13 wear your hulk hogan shirt a lot of support around the world for hulk on this date
2	super eagles coach, sunday oliseh has said he expects some surprises tomorrow from the taifa stars of tanzania,...
2	listened to foo fighters - cold day in the sun
2	new coach; sunday oliseh will today have his first outing with nigeria's super eagles as they continue their...
2	may allah make us buy the best animal &amp; sacrifice at eid.
2	marc_red86 it's the nflgirlukffdraft on monday, you all set? feeling confident? or does being in milan mean auto draft for you! ha
2	hawks might have had decision made for them. with kane case going before grand jury, no way he can be in camp on the 17th, imo. nhl
2	mlb bluejays david price will be the starting pitcher vs baltimore orioles on friday. davidprice14
2	if you're a fan of nirvana don't miss your opportunity to catch this documentary on the big screen, fri 11 sep:
2	1st driver change in the 24hseries 24hbcn sjaco out, milan in. p3 in class. the htm saker is doing fine as well!
2	hls_ndtex tie it to gay marriage, meatless friday's and the removal of certain cereals from sdh
2	john cena seemed to have landed on the very top of his back and maybe have escaped permanent injury.
2	pokeefe1 totally agree. after levy's balls up with getting berahino we may as well have used ade as back up to kane
2	red sox need to factor andrew benintendi into future plans: all of the hype in the minors may have been for yo...
2	i may be failing ap lang but i got a 99 in ap stats, so it's gucci
2	tvmblrgcrl you think she's ugly only because zayn may be dating her.most y'all judge them bc you want to be the one dating zayn or whatever
2	yeah ,, i was a bit sad bc it was my 1st 1d concert and zayn wasnt there but i still enjoyed it
2	sat chatting about todays sport when theres a knock on the door. wolf hopes its chuck norris. its not. its richard blackwood. jesus christ.
2	watchfulscout just because i made up a 10th or 11th tails i forgot. if you watch naruto then you already..but i'm over it.
2	sunday oliseh manning the super eagles. afcoqualifier tanzaniavsnigeria
2	miilanvi hey milan - a member of our team has sent you an email. please reply there with any questions you may have.
2	breaking: ian thorpe steps out with confidence, papped for the 1st time since revealing he's gay at dailytelegraph
2	politicallyivy i wish i could've learned more about islam in 7th grade tbh
2	joe kelly wins his 7th straight start; red sox beat phillies! is kelly the sox best starter?
2	peddoc63 september 11th taught many of us all we want to know about islam.
2	convinced i woke up too late for there to be pumpkin crumb cake donuts left at dunkin so i'll just go back to sleep until tomorrow ttyl
2	the super eagles may not be playing the tiki taka football we expected but atleast our coach is as fit &amp; athletic as luis enrique.
2	tanzania 0 nigeria 0 at half-time. proof that sunday oliseh's new team will need time. tough game so far for the super eagles. afcon2017
2	haruna lukmon may av just played himself out of d super eagles under coach sunday oliseh
2	ft barcelona 2-3 valencia | barcelona lose a league game at the camp nou for the first time since 21 april 2012 (real madrid, 1-2)
2	it's the 2nd half between tanzaniavnigeria...afconqualifier2017...not easy for the super eagles...
2	govmikehuckabee c'mon huck! gay marriage is legal nationwide, if she doesn't want to give them certificates she needs a new job.
2	gazjor1 one of the 12 has to go to milan for work so may end up being auto drafted unless he can get set up on hotel wifi!
2	yes, the refugeecrisis is complicated on many levels. but for christians, this is an article well worth reading.
2	ebuka_akara ekajnr super eagles goalkeeper carl ikeme is the only player sunday oliseh has in this flat-footed team
2	on this day, september 5, 2015 emem eduok made his competitive debut for the super eagles
2	bale took wales from 118th position to the 9th position in fifa ranking. y u not do this with real madrid???
2	you can't have country music without chevy. sing along with zac brown band this saturday at hersheypark stadium.
2	dustin johnson hits his approach to the 17th green at the deustchebankchampionship
2	anyone wanna go to the red sox with me tomorrow
2	chibearsad you hated him before the 4th preseason game. now he's tom brady? lol
2	buddhist meditation: even though the body may yield to death, the mind in a state of nirvana does not die. buddhadasa bhikkhu
2	bluejays mark buehrle will have his next start pushed back an additional day until monday against the red sox.
2	donald trump on kentucky clerk: gay marriage is 'law of the land': trump said friday he wishes a kentucky county clerk who refused to...
2	or make a 4th installment for the ps4 since that's one of their ips ape escape
2	it's nfl kickoff but you don't like tom brady so come to madisonmalloy and my show next thursday 9/107pm! get tix
2	even maybe more odd is the marion county judge in or who refuses to conduct any gay marriages. apparent he may have right but still. bigot
2	they said talking tom brady in the 3rd round was a bad idea lets gooooooooooo!!!
2	1965 twins fall again to chicago, as horlen blanks them on 3 hits. only 3rd time twins are blanked, and white sox now just 5.5 out. 9/5/65
2	cenaslamx 2nd time he has been injured close to a match against seth rollins maybe satan tryna tell us something
2	now the pressure has began.....! welcome to super eagles sunday oliseh
2	sunshinesplat leaning scott walker actually. liked some of carly fiorina. ted cruz would be my 3rd (albeit over the top personality)
2	nate berkus: "being gay is the way i was born" | super soul sunday | oprah winfrey network
2	so iam_rodwill how many different ppl on the fb sendin these tom brady memes and are you faking a reaction like its the 1st time u saw it?
2	in the crypt of this church was an illegal sunday night gay club where i first saw lily savage
2	bespokedave mental. the goals will be 2nd half when the subs come on. kane will bag a couple i reckon.
2	israel may take in christians, yazidis, kurds. but israel will not just blindly take in any refugee it comes across.
2	katy perry had a song with these lyrics but it was about a white girl. smfh.
2	let's be honest if floyd mayweather gets starched on the 12th will it not be the greatest moment in sports history
2	anyone want ed sheeran tickets for september 17? about 35 dollars ? i have two tickets
2	wouldn't it be hilarious if tom brady warmed up with this football before thursday's game?
2	tuesday 4pm. ellen degeneres launches her new season with caitlyn jenner on nbc4. what would you like to hear...
2	itweetfeeds this is a bittersweet moment for tom brady. on friday, the nfl star spoke out on... ff itweetfeeds
2	fieldyates my biggest dilemma, i drafted aaron rodgers, then as a joke in the 12th rd i got tom brady, who do i start?
2	for you younger kids, jan brady has no relation to tom brady. nor to deflategate. just,.. never mind.
2	this will be the reds' third doubleheader of the season. they split the last two -- may 9 at the white sox and july 22 vs. the cubs.
2	mikelightowlers no we watched qually in milan at a sports bar, going to the race tomorrow and we'll be sat in the grandstand at parabolica
2	johncena john cena without u on rae it would not a good raw you are the main reason i watch monday night raw without you i can't watch it
2	rooney off, kane on. tickets are still available for tuesday's game v switzerland at wembley, by the way cunningplan
2	get ready for a&amp;160;serious earworm&amp;160;infection. a new mashup video&amp;160;of kanye west&amp;160;dancing at the vmas on sunday makes it
2	super eagles led by its coach, sunday oliseh is playing taifa stars of tanzania at the national stadium in dar...
2	sunday: tri aerobics, power abs &amp; yoga in the am, then zumba, intermediate pilates &amp; beginners' pilates in the pm.
2	we may be playing san marino, but it's good to kane get on the scoresheet
2	idmjones jesus. i created? i said kane may not reach the same heights. you then sent me 3 tweets asking my views on martial in an attempt
2	bmcnally14 brendandarr related, i'd now to like see tom brady, another 6th round pick, tweet the exact same thing
2	just another typical saturday!!!! madison is reenacting the taylorswift13 bad blood video with her dolls
2	james_sussex tbh i also wanted to have him and kane gain a partnership in case we need it 1-0 down and need a 2nd striker. no better game.
2	fair play to kane, he managed to control the ball and score against virtually a sunday league keeper. top notch
2	pgatourjames another one to note...dustin johnson 8th hole. hits into bunker off tee, credited with 3pt instead of -2. avis
2	come celebrate gaybor day weekend with me tomorrow at the roar room for gay night if you enjoy comedy, dance...
2	21 yd td run by ross gives terps 29-14 lead. ross has 111 yes rushing. likely 146 return yards. david price shutting o's 2-0 in the 4th
2	atheistican the 14th amendment was passed when homosexuality was a felony. obviously, it does not pertain to gay marriage then.
2	2starswag yo boss what you thinkin for sunday night curfew 5pm with a noon first call for the game sound gucci?
2	my parents just told me that i'm going to a gay marriage tomorrow.
2	i still would like a nicki follow, but if she followed me, she'd just be a flop that followed me.
2	vertumotors you may need to put an rns out at 7am on monday. david has bought a franchise in milan.
2	un-ironically listening to janet jackson might just be nailing saturday night someonetocallmylover
2	not sure why kane didn't start, he's miles infront of vardy and also needs more international experience and goals for tuesday game!!
2	so roman reigns and dean ambrose have become the outsiders and they will debut their 3rd man at night of champions.
2	kris bryant lines out to rf, austin jackson is doubled off 1st after 3 wrigley field the cubs &amp; diamondbacks remain scoreless
2	nflfantasy adamrank would u start big ben or tom brady next thursday night ? i'm going against cousins or eli.
2	today on the smss4 show our listeners joined us in discussing gay marriage vs religion in ky. listen to it here:
2	a federal judge has ordered a defiant kentucky clerk to jail on thursday after she defied the u.s. supreme court's gay marriage ruling by
2	oneofthosefaces katy perry. bottom half only. gonna see how the office reaction goes on monday before going through with the whole head
2	my pals are off to the lake to hear the foo fighters and i'm just sat out my room listening from the distance. bailed again.
2	"tom brady was drafted in the 8th round right?" - bmccaslin2 thereareonly7rounds
2	ellen degeneres sits down with caitlyn jenner tuesday! ellenshow iamcait
2	i remember when you kissed me on 6th street wait for me to come home _ ed sheeran 2weeks
2	prowrestlinghastaughtme no matter what crimes hulk hogan commits, you can never un-wear your 4th grade halloween costume.
2	mlbfantasy red sox placed inf/of hanley ramirez on the 15-day disabled list, retroactive to august 27, with fatigue in his right shoulder.
2	mchaser64 savagefuture dude naruto will just use the 4th hokagy secret jitsu and steal your soul which will end up with you dead
2	bruce dickinson on top form with book of souls, not enjoyed an iron maiden album on 1st listen this much since a matter of life and death.
2	watch the fall'15 trend forecasting and panel from new york, milan, london and paris only at fashion's night in on september 9th!
2	coverstory on the italian guitar club magazine. grazie mille ragazzi! pick up a copy &amp; see u in milan on oct 8! gusg
2	kids yoga 4-9 starts sunday sept 13th at 10am. breath work will be part of the curriculum discover how yoga can...
2	my presentation for the dg agri event for euyoungfarmers in milan, monday. on new technolgies + chain organisation
2	_dan_ryan schengen area allows belgian blk mkt weapons to leave on tues &amp; be in milan on wednesday, or cocaine in spain in paris same day
2	swihart singles up the middle to score ortiz from 1st as red sox go ahead 1-0 in the 4th. asher still in trouble with two on and one out.
2	how do you think david wright who may never get another chance at the playoffs feels about his 1 turning it off
2	us magazine caitlyn jenner hits the town in tight jeans, minimal makeup: photo: news may omg nfb
2	jays' price is money against the orioles: griffin: lefty david price had an opportunity saturday against the o...
2	acm_nicky galliani_1944 you will spend quite time in italy.do you want to see milan? may be i can arrange some tkt for you. milan palermo?
2	does anybody want to buy two ed sheeran concert tickets for september 22nd? dm for details!
2	phillies have allowed 8 runs to the red sox in the 4th. alec asher allows 7 runs, jerome williams then gives up solo hr
2	like i'm not going to complain tomorrow when i'm there but cheers for all this traffic foo fighters, some of us have to get to revs later.
2	red sox have broken it open in the 4th, lead phillies 8-0.
2	mlb brewers - ryan braun, rest - is not in the game 2 starting lineup saturday (9/5) at cincinnati
2	zac brown band is coming to the amphitheatre for their jekyll + hyde tour on november 13th. there are still some...
2	gamingchill19 rumors say that may be possible. also the home console specs are similar to ps4 &amp; xbone. handheld specs are gr8r than ps vita
2	boko haram has not being stopped in the 1st 100days as promised and some blind people and calling reasonable people "wailers" 100wasteddays
2	on this day in september 3, 2012~ raw: john cena vs. alberto del rio
2	sunday oliseh, the new super eagles team have his baptism of fire when the team almost suffer a defeat from their host taifas of tanzania.
2	it's shrimp saturday all day!! // cheer on the royals vs. the white sox tonight at 6:10pm. // come on in for...
2	bluejays fans may become all too familiar with this red sox prospect one day.
2	opening up on the promotional trail for the film on friday in sydney, ice cube told daily mail australia that he feels both men were
2	all he said is that it was funny, and weren't you up nicki's ass in july?
2	keffy daviddlevine apparently the answer is "blue". i guessed. i may have achieved nirvana.
2	sat in the dark listening to randy orton's theme tune is exactly how i want to be spending my saturday night
2	going to my first game at fenway on tuesday... why not a red sox hat with bs colors?
2	when you tell your dad you saw straight outta compton and you find out he sat next to ice cube on a flight in 88'
2	i may or may not see john cena tonight
2	angkeats hstyiespics h may try. liam would be confused; louis would just take the piss, and niall would probably laugh tbh
2	abi! na wetin be result of the super eagles against tanzania today under new coach sunday oliseh?
2	darrenrovell they have a very weak evening schedule tonight (murray &amp; halep), &amp; serena in the afternoon tomorrow
2	backing up my ps4 hdd in preparation for the seagate 1tb sshd i have coming. september 15 i get my new takenking ps4.
2	fatbellybella how about you &amp; i go see janet jackson in dallas for her unbreakable tour jan. 24?
2	fact: tom brady vs. ben roethlisberger will be the 1st week 1 matchup in nfl history in which both starting qbs who have won multiple rings.
2	royals had runners at 1st and 3rd with no outs, but jose quintana and white sox escape the inning without giving up a run. 0-0, top of 3.
2	nikolaimoorekof they were talking about it! barcelona and real madrid have minor sides in the spanish 2nd division.
2	i was looking up youtubers react &amp; youtubers react to kpop was literally the 3rd suggestion now tell me it is unknown
2	this pizza has taken over an hour... there's a foo fighters concert here, so they may have trouble getting to the house ffs
2	kevinanderson18 you're serving big tonight, you'll play murray on monday and you'll struggle to get your first serves in play.
2	alexei ramirez's 3-run homer gives the white sox a 3-0 lead over the royals in the 4th inning.
2	2nd round: guess the song he treats you so bad and i'm so good to you, it's not fair! first to 5 points gets the dm with niall!!
2	5th round; send me a picture of your favorite artist!! first to 5 points gets a dm with niall!! otramontreal
2	which means if andrade wins she could get rousey next.
2	super eagles coach, sunday oliseh disclosed that the super eagles' goalless draw against tanzania in dar es...
2	tra carson gets two carries and gets very little, so it's now 3rd and 7 for murray and the aggies.
2	i'm going to the1975 at fabrique in milan, italy - apr 12
2	murray avoids the sack and run for a 1st down.
2	murray with a 1st down pass to kirk
2	kim davis is against gay marriage, but not against getting pregnant by her 3rd husband while married to her 1st. pity the husband 2.
2	i hope you never experience those type of christians. for me, in god i am strong enough, i can deal with it, may be you wouldn't be able to.
2	sumlin says he put kyler murray in for kyle allen during 1st half as a "change of pace quarterback." that pace: fast. murray has some wheels
2	murray or allen starts the 2nd half? tamu
2	halfway through the 2nd, kings lead 45-32. collison, mclemore, gay, landry and cousins on the court.
2	i'm phone is going to died so goodnight i will be back tomorrow if i have time see you guys tomorrow goodnight to harry,niall,liam, louis
2	soto homered to add another run to the white sox's tally, lead 4-0 in the 7th
2	murray gives something else for asu d to think about.... this may help allen as well....
2	[arirang] simply kpop - kim hyung jun - cross the line(feat. ha yeong of playback)
2	picking up tom brady in the 7th round was a steal
2	15th seed kevinanderson18 defeats 20th seed thiem and he's through to the 4th round of the usopen to play bellucci or murray! usopen
2	lf hanley ramirez's season may be over after the red sox placed him on the 15-day disabled list saturday with right shoulder inflammation
2	10th round: guess who.. it's very easy!! first to 5 points gets the dm with niall!!
2	david ortiz hit his 496th career home run saturday, one of 14 hits from the red sox as they defeated the...
2	murray gets the pass across. 1st and 10 from the 44.
2	murray runs it about 20 yards across the 50 for an aggies 1st down.
2	interception. simone picks off murray. asu 1st and 10 from the 12 yard line.
2	scott walker would tell you wisconsin's 7 may or may not be less than alabama's 14; he'll have to get back to you on that answer politics
2	remember the night jeter went into stands against red sox &amp; nomar sat? harvey's people want him to sit &amp; the old man may go the distance.
2	ps4 tomorrow gonna miss the xb squad
2	forever_safe laura722 chabbychadamfan i think shawn may be recast. look at the guy mm recently started following. looks just like him.
2	and the reason why they went with murray, he went 26 yards on that run. faked half the sun devils out of their jocks.
2	aggies punter kaser chopped down hard. murray gets the ball back after penalty. 1st-and-10 at asu's 28.
2	welp. white sox dominating the royals. may be time to go back to the full strength lineup tomorrow.
2	and asu tackles murray short of the 1st down for the first time
2	hibernianretro fritz1875 the mic batteries are running out! murray 3-1 up 2nd set with a break. matchsticks needed for my eyes here!
2	call on the field is reversed as the aggies came up short of the 1st down. murray and crew will go for it.
2	tstape03 rousey is going to destroy again. waiting for her to finally fight cyborg. i think cm punk may end up fighting cathal pendred.
2	have you ever noticed that the gay activists never go after muslims...?
2	daggeredxrose all i'm thinking about is how zayn left on march 25th rip
2	murray 6-3 6-2. first set 50mins, 2nd 34. bellucci's fine start, belief, fading fast, murray steady with flashes of his best, like sp pass.
2	liam's tattoo has the number 25 zayn left on march 25 i'm not saying ziam is real &amp; alive but ziam is real &amp; alive
2	start of the 3rd and murray continues to race through his service games. bellucci not looking as dangerous as he was in the 1st set usopen
2	[espn video] k. murray run for 23 yds for a 1st down: kyler murray run for 23 yds to the arzst 36 fo... texasam
2	officialwith1d no offense but zayn left on the 25th an my organs are on the g r o u n d
2	murray's 2nd serve still ripe for abuse. belluci has to do more with his returns. usopen2015
2	just started watching this murray match 3rd set 3-4 and all jmac is talking about is rafa/ fog wtf!!!
2	balski01 u2 u2ietour livenationfr on start november cab you share a lot time the u2surprises event for u2 at paris-bercy ?
2	game stretched over 2hrs,murray breaks for the 1st time in the 3rd set,6-5,to serve for match point.....usopenworld
2	reading "vanishing grace" - answer this, "when have you felt loved?" - is love the 1st word that comes to mind when you think of christians?
2	its saturday night - hope you are listening to us discuss big brother!! hour two of the show has started bb17
2	lennyfrigginleo won the game with out allen in the 4th we would have lost murray had 0 points i do think they needed to settle allen down
2	is scottsteiner going to be the 3rd man on the team of wweromanreigns and dean ambrose at wwe nightofchampions?
2	kentucky looked uglier than caitlyn jenner in the 2nd half, but a wins a win
2	mc_typo garrie24 eaglesjesse thanksgiving game was a fluke, murray played with a broken hand in 2nd, romo had all day in philly.
2	red sox hope kelly's recent success continues into 2016/no doubt this 1st half skunk has turned it around and hopefully he can maintain it.
2	why you may soon be sitting front row with kim kardashian and kanye west:
2	sunday's practices..... i hope you can join us. 8:30am. hot yoga w/ deirdre trama 9:00am. open flow clarissa...
2	dear liberals: if obamacare and gay marriage are "the law of the land," what are the 2nd ammendment and immigration laws?
2	i may be mean with niall's legs sometimes but it doesnt mean i dont care
2	ubervgeek i can't wait to see how tom brady does when he doesn't consistently have the 2nd or 3rd ranked defense or best coach of all time.
2	nicki may not be a vocalist but she sure doesn't sound a mess when she sings
2	separation of church and state doesn't seem to apply to islam, does it?
2	free yoga in the park - date: september 6, 2015 yoga classes are free and designed for all experience levels. part...
2	i liked a youtube video question tuesday with cara delevingne of paper towns
2	by joseph ax and steve ginsburg new york, sept 3 (reuters) - tom brady triumphed over the national football league on thursday when a
2	jamesmaslow have you ever been to an ed sheeran concert? bc i just got back from my 2nd one and i almost passed out
2	mjarvi83 i think good qb's are good qb's. what's the argument for why tom brady was a 6th round pick? belichick made him great? i'm asking.
2	gds : juve is the most highest club to pay salary , roma 2nd , milan 3rd , inter 4th " juvenews
2	joefree76 drudge_report mom told me the day would come, in order to fulfill duty as christians, we may have to go to jail. it's here now.
2	sos where do i find the 4th season of naruto online?
2	i'm going to gay pride. "mikadori: ore whats ur excuse for 26 september mbuso_nkabinde"
2	another dramatic day at the usopen. federer &amp; murray march on but bouchard suffers freak fall
2	why is no one talking about the fact that niall's birthday is almost here. or the fact the boys can drop the 5th album any day now
2	tomshoeshine it's from the movie "friday" with ice cube and chris tucker. it's just a new way of saying "get out of my face."
2	super eagles coach sunday oliseh says he's happy with the draw point yesterday. did u? championbydonyom championbydonyom championbydonyom
2	the 1st mosque in the history of islam was : a.nabave b. al harm c. quba d. zarar ans: c p0sted by admin adnan mashokhel " 1=13 sahara "
2	1dziamnews liam got 29 tattooed on on his body, zayn left on the 25th, there are 4 members left, therefore ziam is real.
2	ed sheeran will have a 5 minutes song and in the 1st, 4th &amp; 5th minute you listens to the instrumental and he only sings 2nd &amp; 3rd minutes
2	"but u know this is wrongfisobzy01: it's sunday, these christians will start littering one's tl with their jibbi jabba"
2	result: andy murray def thomaz bellucci 6-3, 6-2, 7-5. murray advances into the 4th round to play kevin anderson usopen
2	devinisbignasty imma still wear it sometimes. i go to the doctor thursday to see what's gucci with it
2	chipfranklin just to be clear.you would take tim tebow, who can't make 4th string on any team over tom brady? how do you have a job sir?
2	are the sunday mirror really (still) making up rumours about us signing real madrid players after what has just happened??
2	press: "r u worried murray dominated his 3rd round?" djoker &amp; roger: "only if he dominated all his matches like we did." usopen2015 tennis
2	man united expect to keep david de gea beyond january and don't foresee real madrid coming back for him in january, reports the guardian.
2	ruxandra grew ever closer to nirvana and master po grew ever, well, less as she ate him one piece at a time. rcr
2	like ice cube says "if you a scared nigga then go to church" so das where i'm gon be tomorrow
2	i don't gotta work till fucking wednesday and we get class off on monday it's gucci
2	am i really going to see the foo fighters on tuesday???!?!
2	sep. 5th 2015 || louis with niall last night on stage otramontreal (1-3)
2	alwaysacowboy tonyabbottmhr kfisme i doubt he wants a fight with muslims... he may be able to get the west... politically hard to do!
2	buses to replace train services on sunday as fans flock to the national bowl to see foo fighters | onemk
2	sunday yoga at family tree... 8:30 am - healing yoga with karen in the kula room 9:00 am - barkan with mel in...
2	david ortiz blasted his 496th career home run during the red sox' 9-2 win over the phillies on saturday
2	off to lowell today to shoot the ny-p debut of red sox 8th round pick, logan allen.
2	govmikehuckabee they ruled that the laws against gay marriage were unconstitutional and they were...14th amendment, genius
2	assad may be dictator, but he ruled over secular state that protected minorities,christians, alawite, others syria
2	gonna start the 80's show with pride by u2 - just for all ireland sunday ! starting at 1 pm on rte gold digital radio !
2	gay marriage, the rainbow, and a christian's response: an article i wrote for leafchronicle on saturday...
2	interesting how theresa may is in hiding but george osborne is now the voice of hard right next step: pm-ship bid uk
2	news alarm: kendrys morales (dh - kc) kendrys morales went 2-for-4 with two doubles against the white sox on saturday.
2	join us at one of our sunday offerings... 10am therapeutic yoga with kimberly 12pm mellow flow with marjorie
2	thepitcrew2000 i actually drove him in ps4 at monaco crashed 2nd lap. oh naldo where have you gone? italiangp
2	alex gordon went 3-for-4 with a double and an rbi single in saturday's loss to the white sox. royals
2	dan_newson for ps3 and ps4 users outside of north america and asia, you should be able to access night operations on september 8th.
2	sunday morning yoga activerecoveryday excuse the wild hair and no makeup!!!
2	okay for real if someone has tickets for the ed sheeran show on october 8th let me know i will do anything to be at that show
2	the war of words between old trafford and the bernabeu escalated on tuesday night. manchester united responded to real madrid with their
2	it's sunday shouldn't you christian be in church kim davis await your fake christians
2	news: picture of potential opponent for petercards debut on the paulmalignaggi card in milan on 26th of september
2	i know it's tough 4 us to comprehend the refugeecrisis, but as christians we must try. start with watching videos
2	being as though i'm a teenager it's saddening to be at my breaking point already with these "christians" as well.
2	nro nero still looking for "not infringe on gay marriage" in the 2nd amend, gimme a minute.
2	which idol group is the best in kpop? exo or bigbang? via chuutalk c'mon vip vote for bigbang
2	my team is looking of a 4th must have skype and can play every day and be on ps4 topfreeagents codretweeters mlgfreeagents_
2	what i tell you bout gucci slander on sunday's?
2	govmikehuckabee going by the 14th amendment, denying gay marriage would infringe on the rights of people under the jurisdiction of the u.s.
2	every sunday the same man drinking a beer on a stoop asks me hey, how was pilates? how do i tell him that it was yoga? yoga!
2	a solar eclipse is the result of the sun accidentally making eye contact with chuck norris
2	why couldn't terry have taken david wright out in the 5th inning yesterday so he could play today
2	till4h but shawn said monday they add an extra 8 hours that you don't work
2	madrid, sept 3 (reuters) - real madrid look certain to retain their status as the world's richest club by income after the la liga club's
2	the 10th amendment and gay marriage: a defense of the bill of rights and individual liberty
2	so wwe tease a secret "3rd person" to join dean ambrose &amp; roman reigns to take on wyatt family, then tweet a pic of em with baron corbin!!!
2	when u tell ur boss u can't work on saturday bc ur taking the acts and he says "change the date" oh yes ok bc dunkin is my main priority !!
2	dominant christian "culture" is drowning out the truly loving and progressive christians that i know of. :(
2	rosiebarton 3rd pillar of islam is to give $ to help the most needy. doesn't seem to be happening in saudi, bahrain, doha, egypt, uae etc.
2	the beast incarnated, brock lesnar calls ronda rousey a "super freak" but is worried she may not be remembered.
2	wait shit i just realized today is the 6th shit it's been a month since i saw niall and harry i'm so emo ://
2	mollymaddocks we have yoga mitchell park but it's every friday and i work every friday :( i miss u mucho btw
2	you don't usually get a tough opponent till week 2, murray's had 3 in the 1st week. whoever heard of having to play 7 top 40 players to win
2	onikathot nicki was trying to or the producers told her to discredit mariah there and mariah sat her bc she's still more successful
2	it would be sick if kc changed the song b4 1st period to john cena's intro song dr34mz ucntcme wrestlemania
2	tom brady spoke to the media for the first time since feb 2. by one reporter's count, his press availability lasted 4 minutes, 48 seconds.
2	tom brady spoke in foxboro today and said he hoped he was always going to play and is looking forward to thursday night. wbz
2	do you guys believe that floyd mayweather will retire on september 12th? give me your input
2	when zayn sees niall bc n always changes subject when he gets questioned about z, so he talks about their 5th album
2	another championship move by tom brady, holding his first media availability on the sunday of labor day weekend. minimizes the impact
2	no regular classes tomorrow, monday, september 7..... please join us for the following: 9:30am hatha yoga w/...
2	monday: roman reigns goes one on one with the director of operations, kane!
2	i remixed "you can do it" by ice cube. please check it out and let me know what you think. imw drops january...
2	pedroia could make red sox return as soon as tuesday
2	three white sox players will make their first starts of the year sunday vs. royals. updates via chitribkane:
2	damn - shawn was right. i may have to concede the win on that alone even if my numbers end up a bit better
2	manchester united may have slammed the door shut on david de gea joining real madrid in the new year.
2	show me your 7th grade literature term paper on iron maiden lyrics so i know it's real.
2	i might be able to see shawn on tuesday but i have to find someone to go with
2	funny how the red sox turned into a juggernaut as soon as they sat hanley's punk-ass down.
2	2006 nhl 1st overall pick pitching for the white sox today.
2	worth watching: hamilton county (tn) sheriff jim hammond's full speech about islam at the pachyderm club:
2	literally everyone takes the tweet about nicki out of context it had nothing to do with feminism
2	if you're not at tabletop in ohiocity for sunday fun-day, you may as well be getting punched in the face by john cena.
2	hey conservatives and scott walker supporters, while you're enjoying this labor day weekend and have tomorrow off...
2	ben roethlisberger says he isn't surprised tom brady won case steelersvspatriots thursday
2	tom brady speaking our for the 1st time since his win in court. details at 3pm wbz newsradio
2	on to the 5th inning at fenway park. the red sox lead the phillies 6 to 1. david ortiz with career home run 497, and has knocked in 3 runs
2	metro news: reborn parma kick off with win in fourth division: milan, sept 6 (reuters) - parma, kicked out o...
2	papi 4th sox with 200 hrs at fenway: red sox slugger david ortiz hit career home run no. 497 in the first inni...
2	hashim0307 oops, meant milan. i don't know man.. i have this weird feeling. he may want a new challenge and pull a juve 2.0 with us.
2	i feel like shawn is gonna tell us him and camila are dating tomorrow when he's on kelly and michael...
2	yoga for runners sept 19. improve strength, flexibility &amp; focus to make it to the finish line.
2	do you think kane needs to switch gimmicks again? should kane get one more run? wwe sofarbacksunday sfbs
2	ventura maintains focus on day's game: as far back as soxfest at the end of january, white sox manager robin v...
2	niall's leg hair will fry if he keeps letting it be under the sun
2	nef77_nefl nefl_chiefs see i dont see that really...yeah murray lost 5 fumbles the 1st 5gms... didnt have another the next 11
2	kris bryant breaks-up no hitter in the 5th by hitting a baseball 500 feet off the left field video board. nbd cubs
2	i don't see islam on the march or people country shopping, i see desperate people wanting to build a new life. refugeecrisis
2	straight outta compton: come for the great first act, stay for ice cube writing friday on his laptop saying "i'm killing this screenplay!"
2	want in on a free trial of fit4two's mom &amp; baby yoga class at the centre on september 10? check it out!
2	america better wake up! many christians and churches have their heads in the sand and are oblivious to reality!
2	freemarketkev yeah, i'm skyping with the whole family next sunday when i get back from milan.
2	this just in: kris bryant's home run ball replaces pluto as farthest planet from the sun. cubs
2	nigerian football federation ex-secretary-general, taiwo ogunjobi has pleaded with fans to give super eagles coach, sunday oliseh more time.
2	jarrod dyson hits a solo homer off erik johnson to cut the white sox lead to 6-2 in the 6th. 2 of 3 royals hits off johnson are solo homers.
2	spoiler alert david hasslehoff wearing a david price mask will bunt in the 9th bluejays hes hooked on a feeling cometogether
2	it's the 5th pic zayn posted today.... he posted this on fb ok man r u gonna kill me
2	especially for our scott walker supporters, here's 15% off the walker16 store through monday.
2	celebinfoforyou do you know where shawn is going to be before vegas? his last show date is london but that's the 15th &amp; vegas is the 19th
2	rizzo walks runners on 1st &amp; 2nd no outs let's keep the line going be patient wait for that pitch don't chase kris bryant up alright bryant
2	this what may have done scott walker in - playing up to the big donor koch bros.
2	hannah_chutzpah ah, am away between the 10th and 17th on yoga retreat, and then away most of those other weekends too... drink after work?
2	who wants to come to u2 with me? and by that i mean buy me a ticket.
2	kanye west performing 808s &amp; heartbreak the hollywood bowl sept 25 &amp; 26. poster photography by nick knight donda
2	it's now september 6th and i'm still waiting on frank ocean. where u at tho
2	brewers video: ryan braun hits 25th hr of season as 6-game win streak ends with 6-3 loss against reds (espn)
2	camerondallas jackgilinsky bryanteslava are you going to shawn's show on the 8th???
2	bryant's huge homer ties cubs' rookie marks: kris bryant's 23rd home run of the year, an 0-2 pitch off d-backs...
2	hey friends! i have two extra tickets to the foo fighters concert at the gorge this saturday! dm me for info!
2	eli_fieldstadt nbcnews the gay license case only applies to the parties involved. she may have a different argument
2	eddiehearn kugancassius just as hard to get an atmosphere on a saturday when you have murray v falling over latvian.
2	shawn may not ever tell us when he's gonna be on tv but somehow we always find out
2	i debate seeing ant-man tonight for the 3rd time...do i?
2	live at 6: tom brady talks for the 1st time since his suspension was lifted and a shark washes onshore in wellfleet.
2	on tomorrow's current: take the pain out of pedaling with these yoga poses.
2	when lil' kim made black friday she was a villain, but nicki gets praised for calling out miley at the vmas when miley barely said anything
2	restlessmelody yeah, i'll see u2 either 2 or 4 times.. and noel will be ~*special*~.. but he he announces the gig before nov 13 i'll go u2.
2	navy8r shhh, cant talk bad about islam...they may fly a plane into a building....let them do what they want liblogic
2	ugh, have to agree with you there (was groaning at the christians in name only, really)
2	my very public response is that you thinking your version of islam is the only right one is wrong.
2	gamewestwood tracker_td not too surprised from onechanbara .. still temped to buy it as it would make my 2nd ps4 game.
2	dirrty862 nothing wrong with that. busy day tomorrow with white sox baseball and the heat!!
2	kylo__ren honestly didn't know. but for example, henry owens is current red sox 5th starter currently. i'll take colby at the moment.
2	tom brady spoke for the 1st time since his suspension was lifted &amp; said he's ready to move on
2	freedom friday with carl gallups - 1330 weby - the truth about islam - i.q. al-rassooli!
2	u2start what is the significance of sept 9th and u2 announcing/releasing things?
2	to be continued in: rise of the john cena stans coming to theatres near you october 3rd 2015
2	really want to go see ed sheeran on september 20th in toronto :(
2	does anyone know where i can get ed sheeran tickets for the 20th of september?
2	bcdreyer i paused, admittedly, because "satnav" made me think of a yoga mantra (sat nam), but then i got it. context clues!
2	i like meek mills when he raps because he talks like a handicapped 4th grader...how do he and nicki hold conversations???
2	i hope kris bryant is ready for a "random" drug test tomorrow. or do they only do that in the nfl?
2	breaking!! eagles storm port harcourt for niger friendly: on tuesday, the super eagles tackle the mena of nige...
2	illegenes yurifucker a minor part of it may or may not be that it tanked in fal after the gay appeared and it was 1 on my lineup.
2	tom brady answered some more questions sunday, and this time he talked about roger goodell.
2	i think ima take milan to the fair tomorrow
2	jenaaah i read naruto fanfics like crazy around 9th grade lmao thanks, but german &amp; english are the only ones i'm fluent in lol
2	new england patriots quarterback tom brady addressed the media on sunday
2	when non-mooslims make deals with islam - might want to remember doctrine of taqiyah. allowed2lietonon-muslim rt:
2	long shot call: frank ocean's new album will drop at the apple press event on the 9th.
2	tom brady will join us tuesday morning. i would expect around 7 but the time has not been confirmed.
2	murray &amp; konta aim for last eight: britons andy murray and johanna konta will be in fourth-round action at the us open on monday night.
2	kohls has about fifteen racks of pats stuff and nothing red sox come on i want a new shirt for the game tomorrow
2	timdmsey patmcmanamon we may have our qb. tell me tom brady couldn't win with our wr group?
2	wish i could be at the zac brown band concert tonight but my boss wouldn't give me the day off tomorrow! labor day means work day at walmart
2	tom brady is going off on thursday.
2	on a monday when i'm waiting for things that are stressing me, 1st song on the radio? i still haven't what i'm looking for by u2. thanks ar.
2	lynncyrin she was like, "yah, yoga pants are important". now on to next part to meet with all the doctors on the 14th and set a date.
2	cherguiambark its a tragedy!!!muslims should always help muslims lest they become a prey jn the hands of enemies.may allah swt hv mercy
2	wait is the jelly and michael episode that shawn is on tomorrow new???
2	so uh remember how i said the sign-ups to the next naruto tournament will be towards the end of the month? well that may be a lie.
2	yoga and homework and cooking and cleaning tomorrow means scandal all night tonight okay.
2	did i mention that for my brothers 17th birthday he asked for and received john cena merch.
2	can someone take me to blossom on the 18th to see ed sheeran
2	the issues in loving vs virginia are similar to the issues argued in the gay marriage case relative to the 14th amendment.
2	garcia_syanne are you going over auntie nicki's tomorrow?
2	halloweenbby103 how many do you need? i have to get them from mrs murray and we can meet sometime friday
2	come join us this coming sunday and help us support living yoga during woodstock gives back! it's going to be...
2	per comments. the lions just lost the next tom brady when they cut moore. earlier today it was drew bree's. tomorrow it's y.a. tittle.
2	all i want for my birthday is a tweet from niall or louis.on the.9th niallofficial louis_tomlinson
2	so, tomorrow i shall watch sharknado for the first time. and tweet it.
2	jose abreu drove in two runs and scored one for the white sox on sunday.: jose abreu was 1-for-4 with a run sc...
2	gonna mull over getting a ps4 when stores are open again tuesday. will have to think of the weeb games coming, among other things.
2	all the scalpers jizzed in their pants when they heard tom brady would be playing on thursday night.
2	getting ready for cha 2015 reunion september 26 on campus in murray. it's also family weekend with a football...
2	how could anything go wrong? the fact muslims want to kill christians and jews is hardly the point?
2	randballsstu i haven't listened yet, and i'm sure you did great, but i'm worried you may be the tom brady to gleeman's bledsoe.
2	it's davis vs gayliath. may god bring christians a just victory based on his truth not abominable lies. kimdavis
2	assassinscreed a reminder that monday 8pm eastern time ac4 black flag multiplayer gameplay event if you missing out on ps4 gamelab trophy.
2	the royals bucket list. 1. get an insurmountable lead. check 2. get swept by the 4th place white sox. check 3. make your fans sweat. check
2	camila is really a fangirl goals. hanging out with taylor, niall and now lucy. c'mon dude
2	is shawn gonna be on michael and kelly tomorrow or is it a re run
2	braun homers, but reds stop brewers win streak: ryan braun hit his 25th home run of the season, but the cincin...
2	be nice to everyone, always smile and appreciate things because it could all be gone tomorrow~ ed sheeran
2	i'll do the luke and calum dms tomorrow and i might throw in a liam and niall one so follow and turn on notifs to be updated :)
2	our first free yoga class at ellewell is this tuesday at 7:15pm with the lovely julie reynolds. register online...
2	and they're gonna do a joke where someone from the cast tries to take zayn's spot and i'm going to laugh angrily
2	arteltoe genophilia swiftoneconomy keep in mind mohammed was the 1st jihadist. like chritianity,islam has been watered down over century
2	4-3 everett the final. shots 36-35 por. pp: evt 2/7, por 0/3. hawks back at it wednesday night in tri-city taking on prince george.
2	krummey i drafted 4th, grabbed lynch. murray fell to me in the 2nd round (pretty far with the snake too)
2	jbrazile93 i'll be back for the ed sheeran concert sunday night
2	ruzkin redscribe i'm away at write around the murray this weekend, but free next monday (14th) and the thursday after that.
2	my dad tomorrow morning: did you meet shawn? me: no dad: *hangs up*
2	solelinks big ups sl!!! copped the 10.5 gucci's missed out friday!!!
2	tom brady hits the field thursday night.... let's goooo
2	oh look, it's rehearsal for live action naruto.
2	don't say bad against islam. who knows tomorrow u are one of us. we are the fastest growing religion.
2	calling all christians with faith, pray for the end of time is at hand. i'm ready. are you? take time this second.
2	malik_93 and if you feel lawful and that you are full enough. may allah guide you aright and so he knows islam has no beginning and no end.
2	muslim-sikh unity is evident in the very core of sikhism. the 6th guru of the sikhs built a mosque for muslims, now known as guru ki maseed.
2	biu was on friday reinstated and statutorily retired by the psc, 3yrs after dismissal for aiding the escape of boko haram, kabiru sokoto.
2	your tom brady meme may just prove that you are a bigger fan of social media than you are of actual football. enoughalready
2	how to watch federer and murray on monday at the 2015 us open: roger federer will look to punch his ticket to ...
2	gosh darn it i really hope i get to meet niall and the rest of one direction in december:/
2	might go get a ps4 with kingklutchh tomorrow
2	hey folks you will find me doing some kahuna mini bodywork sessions &amp; a 30 min yoga sesh here on saturday 19th -...
2	let's start out the patriots off-season review by briefly touching on deflategate. it's over. for now. tom brady will play on thursday.
2	niall wants to dm me but just hasn't. niall, yesterday u said tomorrow so justt do itt dm ;)
2	touseefahmad his status remains 2nd last prophet as he came on earth before muhammad saw.actuallyall prophets came with same religion islam
2	it appeared to be business as usual in the red sox dugout sunday -- except for the fact pitcher he... - via espn app
2	it looks like nicki may be very small in person. well small with a big butt lol.
2	has anyone ever seen simonmcburney and iron maiden's bruce dickinson together in the same room?
2	hey, do you still remember about meat free monday program by paul mccartney? how is it?
2	if niall is actually following people why can't he follow me like niall c'mon stop making me emo
2	tom brady won't talk about 'deflate-gate' new england patriots quarterback tom brady said on sunday that he...
2	bal sun: tom brady says he's focused on getting ready for football
2	if you're looking for the national stockpile of nike roshes or coconut water you'll find it at monday night yoga at ponsonby central.
2	super eagles coach sunday oliseh has described the 0-0 draw against tanzania as satisfactory considering it was...
2	scotland v germany tonight; foo fighters tomorrow, and pile of work to get through in the meantime... who's doing the coffee run???
2	so no dublin show for u2 in nov ? here's the setlist from show in turin on friday night - what do you think ?
2	scotrail will there be more trains available tomorrow from haymarket into glasgow due to the foo fighters gig?
2	wwe wrestlingnews wwe raw preview (7 september taping): seth rollins's feud with john ce... wrestling wwenews
2	zinedine zidane is saying he wants to be real madrid's pep guardiola, that's the man that got their 3rd division team relegated.
2	tom brady finally speaks out about the deflategate ruling as he looks ahead to the season opener thursday. wbz
2	tom brady says he's looking forward to running out on the field thursday, focus on being quarterback, and put deflategate behind him. wbz
2	thenff is it not a shame that super eagles will play niger republic on tuesday in a friendly match, why not big football countries?
2	sw5 yoga for running is on this thursday 6-8pm in qn001. e; ysjactiveyorksj.ac.uk to book or just turn up wellbeing getinvolved
2	i had a dream i talked to zayn and harry, we were at the concert &amp; zayn was there to see the boys, then harry sat on my lap and danced what
2	lindahnmathias fryouri1908 it is tomorrow. european ps4 players will get it the 9th, everyone else gets it tomorrow.
2	good morning all! a full house today, do ring if you have any problems. tomorrow both kenny and murray are out of...
2	bagi para penggemar ane, jan lupa tonton naruto the movie 1: ninja clash in the land of snow :v dijamin tersepona ama gua disana :v sasuke
2	in turin, from 3rd row south i didn't see much of u2 but i can tell you each brand of phones and cameras there were.
2	answer quiz 151 (nts) zakat is the ( ) pillar of islam: a. 2 b. 3 c. 4 d. 5 blck berry answer (c = 4th )
2	u2. dublin. november. who's going ? me
2	monday football our desire for quick fix results is to blame. give me the real madrid shirt.
2	monday football.tafadhali nipe ya real madrid.mi ni fan wa the real mbaya.monday football.
2	night of acoustic music tomorrow with david wright and sheona mcque
2	oh. when shall i give it? i'm thinking of giving it tomorrow or on niall's birthday. hmmm...
2	kevinhickie no, kevin you are wrong. the law protects her as well. (or it should) the 1st amendment has been around a lot longer than gay
2	class is in: learn the key new terms for the nfl season: tom brady is suiting up thursday night against p... nfl
2	nw: top gear with ed sheeran's 1st driving lesson lol
2	catch nzkpaul at the milan expo 10-11.15am tomorrow in the sala colonne plenary. innovation in education
2	tom brady will be on the field thursday, but will he have two rookie guards protecting him?
2	i see u2 are planning to come to ireland and go head to head with a limerick a day. brave lads.
2	its just the 3rd week for god's sake professors need to chill, just because eid is coming doesn't mean everything has to be done before eid
2	start off laborday with some yoga. monday 9/7/2015 : 10:00am - 11:15am - beginner /intermediate yoga what a...
2	arg_afg ashrafghani it is requested that pukhtun custom related to islam are the base of afghanistan which may kindly not to be ignored,
2	did you hear about this? ricky gervais and ed sheeran may team up for 'free love freeway' duet
2	simonta49010623 get to manchester at 7 tonight just sat in milan airport now ur flight go okay ?
2	dance weekend and yoga retreat 4 - 6 september 2015! master class yoga with niko manoli and niki petroulaki in the...
2	austealian's may support euthanasia even gay rights and a republic but the current pm will ensure it doesn't come easily. qanda
2	we will be exhibiting at the milan map &amp; book fair september 12th 11 am - 6 pm. hotel michelangelo, 20124 milan...
2	ricky gervais invites ed sheeran to cover david brent song - ed sheeran may team up with ricky gervais for a new c...
2	novel banned in nz because of complaints from christians. what better marketing can you wish for for your novel? :d
2	nflnetwork heathevans44 i think that heath needs to put down the crack pipe! it's like saying "cowboys 3rd best in east without murray."
2	so if you guys are after weekly $60+ ps4 tournaments then head here and support the xmonsterbattles sunday odc!
2	join us tomorrow tuesday september 8th hotel estia for yoga with karin stenstra. time: 9:00 - 10:30 a.m. and...
2	can't wait to get this shit day over and done with and see foo fighters tomorrow!
2	dec19_signature hchukwuka martinkem sapiosanct arabs are just discontent in the game so they came up with islam to give 3rd opinion
2	chrisbraly gay marriage isn't mentioned in the constitution, no marriage is. 14th prevents states from making unequal laws.
2	sat with the new iron maiden album and a cup of tea - writing the final few bits of my paper. bliss
2	this morning, despite it being a holiday here, i went to yoga. tomorrow night starts 7pm yoga and i just don't know if i'll do that too.
2	what are you doing this friday? why not come along to our yoga, food and movie night... yoga
2	beyond eyes out tomorrow on ps4: hey playstation.blog readers! together with independent developer tiger &amp; squ...
2	the 2nd tom brady reference of the labor day breakfast. steve tolman: "every patriots fan...understands the importance of unions."
2	republican hopeful carly fiorina said monday that she feels like the only candidate going after hillary clinto...
2	fb fiorina blasts clinton, asks why trump is mia: republican hopeful carly fiorina said monday that she... news
2	i want to see shawn tomorrow :((((
2	fiorina blasts clinton, asks why trump is mia - republican hopeful carly fiorina said monday that she feels like t...
2	now speaking at labor day breakfast, massago with 3rd reference to tom brady: "he's a card carrying union member."
2	snews shakes: don't worry we're still in it, mathoho &amp; coetzee out, boks all fit, honda/mclaren split? kev v murray, isner v fed 4th rnd.
2	mmandryk your cup must runith over with ideas for your column tomorrow murray!
2	ramblings were late today,i was falling asleep at the keyboard last night. kane,kessel,philly d, sens g -
2	i didn't call tom brady the goat until he won his 4th superbowl ring so idk what this tweet means
2	first day back at work proper and it has been manic and fuck it, i'm booking that to go see the milan derby in jan as a late bday trip!
2	no i mean street urchin diva (tramp from the ghetto) who latches right onto islam, may allah make it easy, ameen.
2	easportsfifa hello, do you know what time roughly the demo will be available to download tomorrow on ps4?
2	hi mymomsmole we would like 2 invite u2 become a vendor the 3rd annual lahotsaucefest 4 more info go2 hotsauce
2	if the nfl wants to punish tom brady &amp; the patsies they should move all their games to monday morning at 8 a.m. that should deflate them :)
2	christ, the last thing i want to be looking at on a monday afternoon is sam smith's ring.
2	first weekend takeaways: tom brady received no bump at all from judge's ruling. even without suspension, he's still the 9th-10th qb taken.
2	i hate to do this but the next 3 games us yankee fans have to root for the red sox to help the yankees get back in 1st place.
2	red sox lineup: david ortiz returns after leaving sunday game with sore calf
2	the 2015 miff winner "across the sea", film by esra saydam (cqnl2015), screening in milan, italy september 9th
2	have you heard we have a new class: meditation &amp; mantra?!? every wednesday 7:30 - 8:30am with being yoga with...
2	yoga is still on for tonight monday september 7th 5:30 with vicky and again on wednesday at 6:00 with lydia....
2	notice: all of the previous members of xfgx may now rejoin. we shall also be recruiting new members on xb1, ps4. name: x fallen guardians x
2	in case you're having a bad day, eid break starts from next thursday!
2	sweet got yoga classes tomorrow. time to show off my ass to strangers in the guise of "getting healthy" drink it in pal.
2	bertolacci ruled out of milan derby: milan defender andrea bertolacci will miss the derby with inter on sunday...
2	monday stressing you out? try these calming yoga moves
2	you may argued that the two milan clubs have lost their lustre especially inter having a single coppa italia to their name, says a lot
2	i'm gone slice frank ocean vocal chords out with the july page of the calendar if we don't get an album soon
2	monday hatha yoga 9.30 chris dropped in to give a bit of yang balance to the yin in the room from helen, gabi,...
2	np lights of cincinatti by scott walker from the album: the sun ain't gonna shine
2	adam laroche was a late scratch from the white sox lineup on monday due to right patella tendinitis.
2	if dustin johnson can drive a 289 yard par 4 with an iron you can get up for school tomorrow
2	monday sec takeaway: kyler murray is electric, but aggies need to stick w/ kyle allen. too one dimensional with murray at qb right now.
2	naruto smirks as the fox quickly throws him towards 4thkonohahokage naruto may be dumb but he remembered the seal placed upon him by his-
2	it may not be sunday, but dustin johnson is still getting last round jitters. he's started with four bogeys! deutschebankchampionship
2	a rumor alleges caitlyn jenner may appear on season 4 of "orange is the new black." tv news
2	blue jays take the lead, blue jays 1, red sox 0 top 1st
2	sam smith may have given it away spectre bond
2	it's labor day, and scott walker has dipped all the way to 7th in the gop race. hey alright.
2	maybe sunday was just a funny day for tennis, murray on getting over a cold: "my voice feels like normal again. still dull, obviously."
2	foo fighters often cover under pressure at shows. saturday did it with roger taylor &amp; john paul jones joining them-
2	just realizing bankroll fresh had the 3rd verse on gucci song shooter .
2	red sox have runners at 1st and second in the bottom of the 3rd.
2	twice before the 5th, red sox bunt with runners on 1st and 2nd an nobody out. take note, gibbons or the postseason will eat your lunch
2	just as it becomes 5-1 red sox, arod hits his 29th hr, now 4-3 baltimore. bluejays
2	if the white sox can push one more run across the plate before cle scores, it'll be 4th consecutive game they've jumped out to a 3-0 lead.
2	boston leads toronto 5-1 in the top of the 5th. the red sox are about 10-12 runs away from a safe lead.
2	adeelamini he could totally sell out &amp; have a 3rd act here. phone calvin, sheeran, adele, frank ocean. a chaotic album of bangers for hire
2	harris looks for owens but murray all over him, 3rd down &amp; the argos will gamble.. cfl ldc torvsham
2	okiehen backatone000 april, sure seems he is heading in that direction after meeting with obama and muslims.
2	bluejays score update: currently in the bottom of the 5th inning trailing the red sox 5-2. bluejaysbaseball
2	was the nfl trolling tom brady on twitter sunday night?... - (by:ralvarez617 )
2	phana24jg spraycanann more specifically it tells you that you have an unconscious bias against muslims and may judge them unfairly.
2	when you're.out with work mates on a monday night and stumble across a ukulele jam signing old katy perry
2	kojima_hideo loving mgsv, but bug report! on ps4 and x1 the ground and animals in the herbivore area 2 may not load.
2	antwon blake on whether he'll take the first snap at cornerback thursday vs tom brady: "i believe so."
2	was the nfl trolling tom brady on twitter sunday night?: in case you missed it, a brief controversy unfolded o...
2	david wright, who has struggled with men on base the last few days, comes up in a big spot here in the 7th. 5-5. mets
2	we're giving away jason aldean tickets! text us win tickets to his burning it down tour sept 12 jiffylubelive wusa9
2	rhp taylor grover comes in for salem and retires the nationals 1, 2, 3 in the 9th to close out the 4-2 red sox win and the season is over.
2	david wright comes through! mets lead 6-5 in the 7th!
2	looking forward to giroditalia tt in tuscany with our trip may 10-17 and press conference in milan for route announcement oct 5
2	david wright goes first to home with half a spine and matt harvey wants to quit after tomorrow. hottaeks
2	orioles and rays losing. red sox could be tied for 4th, two games out of 3rd. not exactly cue the duck boats time but what the heck.
2	carlos rodon, tomorrow's white sox starter, is 2-2 with a 1.85 era, 33 strikeouts in 34 innings over his last five starts.
2	how many radio shows give you petula clark, u2, ultravox and abba in the same two hours and they're all linked? wednesday from 6.30pm!
2	yoga returns to miss master's closet with a new schedule: sundays at 9am beginning september 13th!
2	ellern: "someone alert the real madrid doctor team! bale may experience back pain after carrying wales to the quarterfinals in france!"2016
2	jared_carrabis i though we were playing the 1st place al east team. looks like we're playing the red sox from right after the all star game
2	rascalgas i suppose if you were buying a ps4 you can wait due to the lack of 1st party stuff. xbox on the other hand oh boy!
2	the yankees win 8-6 and pull with a game of 1st place could be .5 if the red sox beat toronto
2	with a win and baltimore loss, red sox are tied for fourth place with the orioles. first time since june 7 sox have been in 4th place.
2	this thursday, the steelers defense will beat the air out of tom brady! ;)
2	james harrison exploring whether he can recoup fine money from years past in wake of tom brady decision:
2	jeffpaternostro oh i know. that sunday vs the red sox made me feel unnatural things
2	not if nicki is gone be in it
2	how long am i going to have to wait for naruto to end and binge watch only the 4th shinobi war? nofillers
2	willmcavoyacn john0000077 in terms of the 1st amendment, is there a difference between christians and muslims, john? christians and jews?
2	make a change...start your day with a morning yoga practice tuesday 6am charlestownyoga committoyourpractice
2	linda_grace74 i can't see the tennis either, gutted i never sat the football but it looks like it's sky again for murray?
2	i can't believe murray has to play on the junior varsity court in the 4th round of the u.s. open
2	murray sprinting along baseline getting everything back to the south african. but 3rd bp saved.
2	i'm just sat in my room listening to big brother downstairs. not doing anything really, just listening to the telly. what is life.
2	ronanmmurray are you having a sneaky monday night drink murray?
2	lisagray220 i thought christians followed christ, the name being a vague clue. perhaps you should read the 2nd half of the book? cgirl143
2	greglar147 wouldn't be the 1st one dimensional player to ever make top 10. murray needs to watch out here breakers
2	murray down 0-30 but strings four in a row to stay alive. up 6-5. can break here to win the set and serve first again in the 2nd...
2	mlbfantasy ryan raburn belted a pair of solo home runs in monday's win over the white sox.
2	pegidaukgroup as a new catholic to latinmass prayin for all british patriots, that they understand the church was the 1st to fight islam.
2	does this photo mean sam smith is singing the theme to spectre, the next bond movie? official word tomorrow.
2	i'm being told that tonight is monday night raw at the house at 8 p.m. here's to hoping john cena makes an appearance.
2	kevinanderson18 plays terrific tb &amp; wins it with big off fh winner 7-5. murray with plenty of work to do now as sun goes down.
2	anybody know the timings for foo fighters tomorrow? when do the supports come on?
2	3 unforced errors for andy murray against 17 foranderson yet murray chucks away the 1st set with a careless double fault in the tie break.
2	broadcasting tonight at 7:30/8 pm edt. more mgs v: the phantom pain (ps4) ... tomorrow will be destiny! (ps4) heroofgaming
2	i'm afraid of murray though... he beat belluci with ease in the 3rd round. kevin's strong point is his serves!
2	murray is so flat atm, if anderson can get inspired at the start of the 2nd he can take control of this match.
2	rare i walk away from a match but big day tomorrow so i need my sleep. shout loud murray fans backthebrits usopen
2	"gay marriage isn't the law." yes, it is. it was interpreted by the scotus as such in accordance with rights granted by the 14th amendment.
2	anderson now has the confidence to take rips at the murray 2nd serve. time to take off a few mph and up the first serve percentage andrew
2	nowplaying the no.1 hit of janet jackson - escapade from march 3 till march 17 at the billboard top 100 | back2_the90s
2	can't believe what's her face, prince george's mum, is pregnant for the 3rd time
2	not the easiest of shots, but murray may end up really regretting hitting it long to fall down 0-2 in the 2nd set.
2	it may just be me focusing on the losses, but murray's tie-break record seems shite in my head, in big games at least.
2	booo, murray gets broke early in the 2nd set. it's not as if he's playing bad, anderson is playing exceptional tennis here. usopen
2	come on murray dig deep...i'm going to be tired for work tomorrow if i have to stay up for a 5-setter skysportstennis
2	anderson versus murray: anderson 1 set ahead, now 2nd set. 3games ahead. 76 31 murray just kept his game.
2	looks like murray is gonna have to do it the hard way again! 1 set down, 3-1 in the 2nd set! ustennisopen
2	i will wait for the weigh in. rousey changed her body too much and may have too many things on her plate. i'll know my bet after weigh in
2	anderson's 1st serve goes off in that game but murray cant take advantage. anderson now leads 4-1 in the 2nd set usopen
2	i counted five tight points from anderson in that game, may have been more. gets a slice of fortune with murray netting the bh. holds for 41
2	michael_fabiano help! should i trade gore for murray? i have gore (i drafted him 4th round) but was offered murray (went in the 1st round).
2	murray struggling at moment but i think he'll come strong in 3rd &amp; 4th set to take it to decider usopen2015
2	murray now down a set a 2 breaks in the 2nd set: anderson up 6-4, 5-1 usopen2015
2	floyd mayweather fights this saturday as he attempts to equal rocky marciano's 49-0 record by fighting a bum-
2	murray must must must win this game on anderson serve to turn the tide and give him something for the 3rd to build on usopen
2	how does a 30 minute sequence of a gay man questioning whether or not he may be bi undermine his confidence with who he is. how
2	murray break back anderson wud be stupid sha 2 allow a double break i expect it 2 get 2 5-3 and he serves out the 2nd set leaving it at 6-3
2	a good hold from murray. 5-3 in 2nd. how is anderson's head coping with this now?
2	murray down a set and losing 5-2 in the 2nd set to the 6'8 anderson. hard to beat the big hitters when they're serving at their best.
2	murray holds to 30 and now anderson leads 5-3 in the 2nd set. anderson will serve for the set for a 2nd time usopen
2	bostonrocks johndennisweei gerrycallahan kirkmin are all back tomorrow &amp; tom brady joins us in the 8 am hour
2	here's your starting tuesday morning line up at gentle yoga with laura 9:30 am to 10:30 am...
2	anderson gets tight but murray cant take advantage. anderson saves break points to hold &amp; takes the 2nd set 6-3!! usopen
2	anderson with his 5th set point... and this time, he takes it. murray will have to come from 2 sets down again. usopen2015 murray
2	now i'm done with ant-man, which would have been excellent if they kept wright on, but is at least a lot of fun. more tomorrow.
2	harimehato savage_kreator jennah_rowell i know niggas that hit licks on thursday then go home to catch the new episode of naruto
2	finally, on the 5th attempt, anderson wins the second set 6-3, serving his 12th ace for the match to lead 2 sets to love against murray.
2	microphone picking up murray's f bomb at the sit down after the 2nd set...
2	camera closes in on murray in his chair after losing 2nd set and he's dropping f bombs like they're going out of fashion. brilliant. usopen
2	i'm sure murray will win the 3rd set but not sure if he would win the match.
2	murray two sets to love down. think the broadcaster may want to turn the volume down, quiet a few f's coming from murray! usopen2015
2	murray needs to send for thunderbird one here. two sets down for the 2nd time. surely he can't do it again, can he? usopen2015 murray
2	pondering which wine to open for the 3rd set, kevinanderson18 2-0 up against murray usopen stellenbosch go kevin!!
2	im sat ib my bathroom crying over a tv character because of how beautiful she is and how gay i am. ive reached a new low
2	murray just lost 2nd set and camera stayed on him during changeover. i counted 11 f-words in 20 seconds. new record?
2	watching murray/anderson match on-line &amp; murray just dropped about 20 f-bombs after losing the 2nd set! usopen2015
2	kendall and shawn the bomb are gonna wake up so hungover on the same couch tomorrow
2	murray going for more swear words than south park the movie! c'mon andy you can turn this around! usopen passion
2	dear twitterverse, may i please have a gif of murray's f-bombs into the espn camera? i need it for future mondays. pls and thanks.
2	ultimatetennis_ he better close it in 3, not making much 1st serves and murray seems winning all 2nd serves..important serve game to start?
2	anderson takes a toilet break. he's up 2 sets but doesn't really have the momentum. murray finished 2nd set stronger.
2	anderson survives a test, and now has 2 sets up on murray. can the brit pull off a 2nd 0-2 set comeback?
2	murray on the verge of being scottish again for the 2nd time in a week.......
2	murray about to get sent home. that ranking means nothing man, 15th vs 1st and you would never know...usopen2015
2	kevinanderson18 breaks with absurdly angled service ret in 1st game of 3rd. murray's mountain just got higher
2	upset in the making. murray down two sets to love to anderson. plus anderson is up a break in 3rd
2	annettemorris60 what route are you doing? i am arriving sept 14 in milan then starting at como... cycletouringitaly
2	a piece of me will die tomorrow morning if sam smith is singing the new bond theme
2	ayahussein aslan bi he2elo yotlob a 10 min break after 2nd set for the heat shit medre shu. w aslan better la murray. momentum ma3 kev!
2	follow our live raw play by play, or randy orton will rko you outta nowhere
2	murray gets the break he needed. even's things in the 3rd. anderson has 3 sets to fail if murray hopes to win.
2	gay asf going to go see the perfect guy friday lol
2	today's schedule - september 8 8:30 am - vinyasa yoga with emily 6:00 pm - power yoga with chic see you for practice!
2	.letsmovepgh family yoga at phippsnews returns on september 27! join us for a free class on the lawn:
2	until bradford gets hurt and murray doesnt do what he did in dallas.
2	anderson stopped at the donation station. murray on way back from 2 sets down!! c'mon andy!
2	anderson is up 2 sets, but murray is up a break in the 3rd set. it feels even-steven right now.
2	espn announces "we're going to be here for awhile tonight" -- murray looks to run away with the 3rd set. up 3-1, with the serve.
2	although it's hard to tell, since i only have radio commentary. may just be that anderson is choking badly, not murray playing better.
2	celebinfoforyou would you be able to help me meet cam or shawn in nyc on wednesday please
2	murray gets a warning for racquet abuse then proceeds to give his racquet to someone in the crowd. anderson breaks back for *2-3 in the 3rd.
2	come on, murray!! anderson hitting the ball like there's no tomorrow
2	murrayfieldexp hi, do you have any idea what time the foo fighters gig is due to finish tomorrow night? thanks!
2	kevinanderson18 wins the 2nd set v andy_murray to take a two set lead 7-6 6-3 murray will have to win in 5 sets again if he is to win
2	theoverrule amyfetherolf murray admitted he took a break for pep talk. i'm not speculating.
2	milliemn001 djokovic has worse antics than murray in my opinion. but he's my 2nd fav player, after king roger.
2	samuraierika it'll be all good when i see who the killer or killers are in until dawn. still may get ps4 in nov for fallout 4. want so bad
2	two aces for murray who holds for 4-3. another brit on court -- jokonta91 just starting v petra_kvitova 2-1 to czech 1st set on ashe
2	tom brady joins dandcshow tomorrow morning at 8:20 i'll join loumerloni christianfauria for the debut of new midday show at 10 weei
2	few games gone with serve. murray now leads 5-4 in 3rd set. anderson will now serve to stay in the set usopen
2	yoga and aging gently starts tomorrow at 2pm with these mature, wise teachers. aging gracefully allows us to...
2	murray v anderson 5 a piece in the 3rd set kevin anderson has won the 1st 2 sets
2	murray holds! now anderson serves again to stay in the 3rd set with andy_murray 6-5 up but two sets down.
2	i fancy anderson to eventually run out of puff if murray can take the 3rd set. big if.
2	yoga 6:30 weights 7:30 conditioning 3:30 what sacrifices will you be making to improve yourself tomorrow? no excuses
2	murray and anderson going to 3rd set tiebreak.
2	usopen2015 eeeeek! 3rd set tiebreak for murray &amp; anderson! konta v kvitova on serve with the briton serving very well!
2	going to have to call it a day after this set - but then so might murray. tie break. 3rd set. 2-0 down.
2	went into saturday night planning to hook up with greg and ended up hooking up with shawn instead i don't know how that happened but okay
2	what a time to get a net cord....murray now 5-1 up in the 3rd to stay in the us open...
2	with an ace, murray takes the 3rd set 7-6(2) but still trails anderson 1-2.
2	murray steal the 3rd set to stay alive usopen
2	murray wins 3rd set tie break to get back into the game, anderson leads 2 set to 1 gb sa usopen
2	andy_murray wins 3rd set to get back into the match but kevinanderson18 still leads 6-7 3-6 7-6 murray has won 8 times from 2 sets down.
2	murray and anderson have had 3 hour and 16 minute match and they are only going to the 4th set...
2	seth rollins kicks off raw and he may have a message for sting.
2	seth rollins kick off the monday night raw baltimore
2	they really are grooming seth rollins to be the next triple h, having him open every monday with a time-devouring promo. wwe raw
2	wwe monday night raw results - - seth rollins kicks off the show
2	reminder: go and see ms. murray first thing tomorrow morning in f206 if you still want to sign up for an interview!
2	msm blast- remember tuesday is yoga the martinsburg library. .summer is over so it's time to start moving we...
2	murray box reaction to winning the 3rd set usopen - kim sears and frank lampard make an appearance.
2	kevinanderson18 2-1 up in the 4th with serve and 2-1 up in sets. murray jumpy like his had a mustard enema. usopen
2	raw a friendly reminder to seth rollins from sheamus. if seth rollins wins both of his matches he could have a 3rd match against sheamus
2	don't want to leave during the middle of the murray match, but i don't want to be dead for my 8:30 tomorrow decisions
2	murray saves 2 break points and manages to hold serve to level the 4th set at 2-2. murray not going down without a fight usopen
2	3 hours 40 min on the clock now for murray, but he's still hanging in there - grimly - &amp; has levelled at 2-2 4th set after winning 3rd on tb
2	ryan braun is batting .284 with 25 home runs and 81 rbis. but his team is in 4th. he will never be better than curtis granderson.
2	tired of mark may trying to sell you on vt having a shot? well anderson vs murray has been worth all 4 hours thus far. usopen espn2
2	i bet niall wishes he could see serena and venus play each other tomorrow. -a
2	thinking about going to red sox game tomorrow hmmm....
2	5-5 in the 4th set between murray &amp; anderson this one's over the 4hr mark usopen bbctennis
2	interesting that search for "goddell on brings up "tom brady needs to drop it and move on" as 1st result.
2	if this goes all the way to the 5th.... odds lie with murray to take the match. usopen sstennis
2	dammit, murray just wont lie down. 4th set tie break now. kevinanderson18 up 2-1 in sets
2	anderson upsets 3 seed murray 7-6 6-3 6-7 7-6. reaches 1st ever major qf. south african played well going for it. longest match at usopen
2	andrewlightle murray just got obliterated in the 4th set tiebreak
2	murray out in the 4th round!
2	6 match points in a row now for anderson in the 4th set tie breaker; surely murray has lost this... usopen flushingmeadows
2	beginning to worry murray may be stuck on two grand slams for the rest of his career.
2	murray is beaten before the qf of a grand slam for the first time in five years. anderson, magnificent throughout, took 4th set tiebreak 7-0
2	yaboisemaj anderson won the 4th set in a tiebreaker 7-0 and murray won the 3rd in a tiebreaker i think 7-3
2	someone please message me i need to sell or get someone to come with me to shawn's show in ny tomorrow. they're vip tickets
2	attention yeezus: you may have just received another celebrity endorsement. it's been exactly one week since kanye west's epic mtv video
2	mcdiana i thought it was over like a rousey fight. it may go into 4th qtr.
2	after kevin anderson to murray in the 4th set, it's roger federer who dishes out a tiebreak bagel to isner. 1st set rf, 7-6(0).
2	ed sheeran is in town tomorrow and i won't see him :-) it's been 5 years and i still haven't seen him live :-) hahah
2	jack and jack are probably going to shawn's show tomorrow and i'll just be at come crying my eyes out because i couldn't go
2	well, guess who's probably not gonna be the 6th man? randy orton. rawbaltimore raw
2	usopen anderson beat murray in the 4th round. it's murray's earliest grand slam exit in 5 years
2	dean ambrose and roman regins might have found their 3rd partner because he is going to want payback raw
2	jackjackjohnson are you and jack gonna come see shawn tomorrow ?!
2	...only to be beaten by a then babyface seth rollins. rollins would only then drop the belt sometime before june to sheamus, i guess...
2	feel bad for the person who's next to me at the ed sheeran concert tomorrow, because i'm singing as loud as i possibly can lol
2	tuesday's schedule at studio 26. 9:30 am - todd 5:30 pm - kim 7:30-8:30 pm - warm yin yoga with lorna we had a...
2	jfcelena ok but on friday i played the john cena song for my ap lit class and nobody knew it was me
2	johncena do you watch all of those john cena videos because i have developed a 6th sense because of them.
2	fan wwe monday night raw about to over up next john cena the time player them up john cena.
2	christians and religious groups are not the brains trust of humanity isn't it obvious by now athiest reading
2	so has seth rollins chances of retaining the title just increased or decreased? the world may never know... until night of champions
2	seth rollins goes 0 for 2 on monday night raw, and sting pushes the statue into a garbage truck.
2	isaiaht_rosario luck, maziel, winston, brewer, rg3, farve out of retirement, tom brady in 6th rd, &amp; vy as he came back 4 his degree...
2	ok lame but i want to have a niall birthday party on sunday
2	john cena and the primetime players vs the the new day members big e and kofi kingston and seth rollins now on wwe monday night raw 9/7/2015
2	aye everybody going to do a giveaway tomorrow for a ps4 account with a stacked 2k15 team would anybody want that ?
2	twsrc^tfw abc7chicago doesn't look good for kane and the blackhawks
2	i just found out naruto didn't become the 5th hokage....
2	griff_7 griff468 ddoggystyle jglowaski tom brady went in the 3rd round too but don't see ppl complaining about having his jersey
2	is niall gonna have his 22nd in la with his celeb friends
2	incredible time at the ed sheeran concert on saturday night in dallas! toyota park frisco
2	cake_sports haven't seen it yet. caught end of murray loss lights and interview. svp is that dude though. 1st show.
2	yoga event sept 19th with zen horses at stardust sanctuary
2	shawn face explains the 2nd picture
2	which pose would you like to choose? tuesday 4:00-6:00p.m. yoga classes at ferdowskids.
2	likeitornotmama lilkimqor its not... nicki garnered the success she has today because of what her 2nd album entailed and the look.
2	when you realize that blackbear's and ed sheeran's concerts are both on the same day...and they're on a wednesday
2	i'm so ready to annoy everyone at school tomorrow about niall fracturing his foot
2	2.0 launches to tomorrow and the download sizes are quite big, 18gb on both xbox one and ps4.
2	fan walks with seth rollins on monday night raw godsmackarceus via youtube
2	tomorrow at school i'm just going to think of zayn's selfies so my day will be less terrible
2	tennis us open: nishikori loses in the 1st round,dimitrov in the 2nd,nadal in the 3rd,murray in the 4th.who will exit in qf?let us wait &amp;see
2	in this video wwe raw 7 september 2015-wwe raw 7/9/2015 ryback vs seth rollins one on one in the wwe...
2	for those of you in scarborough or malvern, yoga is being offered saturday mornings. check it out:
2	brewers ryan braun went 2-for-5 with a run scored, 81st rbi and his 25th double of the season. mlb
2	few people remember or ever knew that in his rookie season, tom brady, in the pats' pecking order of quarterbacks on the team, was 4th. 4th!
2	i met a kid like that a day ago and hearing his opinion on gay marriage made me cringe also the fact that he lost his v card in 6th grade
2	official: real madrid and atletico will face each other in the spanish supercup on august 19 and august 22.
2	if you go to calabasashigh remember to sign up for the gay straight alliance on thursday during lunch
2	logatron98 gucci, is the comp paper due tomorrow or not because we don't have class tomorrow
2	ffs fell asleep with an open position on murray during the 4th set.
2	does this picture look sadly familiar? don't worry, our 'yoga from the sky' class held each wednesday morning on...
2	oooh realized yesterday i never did tweet a couple of things! my flight into milan, i watched 3 movies - 3rd night at the museum, avengers 2
2	who wants to watch the real madrid vs espanyol game with me saturday at 7 a.m.???
2	deejayfaremi nigeriainfofm 14th and he is african...he took the game to murray
2	frank ocean it is july 69th my nigga where yo album at? do we even get a single???
2	just watched the 4th set breaker; murray was pumped going into it... to lose it 7-0 is just incredible. usopen
2	arnews1936 rebelmouse charlesduxbury maybe because muslims say denmark will be 1st european muslim country. they want the world.
2	thats the way to live, else hindus may ask for meatban during navratri and other festivals, muslims for liquor ban
2	yogagirlscan is going to be arriving at the thesuatuwe tomorrow for the uwefreshers. come and try yoga for free!
2	stephen keshi: 'we will make nigeria proud' super eagles coach says: super eagles coach sunday oliseh insists ...
2	super eagles coach sunday oliseh says that he is not a magician - lol: head coach of the super eagles, sunday ...
2	depending what i can squeeze in before friday, the rest of the week goes paper towns, u.n.c.l.e, american ultra, me &amp; earl... and no escape.
2	david de gea's future is still making headlines. he's 11/4 with skybet to join real madrid in january -
2	vincemcmahon us maniacs are not going to give up on hulk hogan we will fight to the very end sept 13 will be a special day for the maniacs
2	tues 08/09/15 07.00-08.00 h.i.t yoga. martin. 10.00-12.00 1st &amp; 2nd series with fran 12.00-13.15 open yoga. abi...
2	roscoe182 blastiel i would be very surprised if a publisher skipped the xbox one due to ps4 selling more copies of 3rd party titles.
2	confirmed: sam smith is doing the james bond "spectre" theme song (and we'll hear it tuesday morning):
2	real madrid's karim benzema denies reports he came close to joining arsenal
2	it just wasn't going to be murray's tournament. a head cold, 2 very tricky 1st and 2nd round opponents and an inspired anderson performance
2	1ddms hello do you have a dm with zayn? i am looking for it since forever...may help me?
2	grammy award-winner sam smith was confirmed tuesday as the artist chosen for theme song duties for spectre, th...
2	james bond spectre title song duties go to sam smith - grammy award-winner sam smith was confirmed tuesday as the ...
2	when taking the sat, write "chuck norris" for every answer. you will score over 8000.
2	sm branches(so far) where boruto: naruto the movie will be shown tomorrow: manila, megamall, sta. mesa, and general santos.
2	real madrid away printings are now available, print any name you want on your away or 3rd jersey now
2	fantasy recommendation by jimpemba777 :jackie bradley jr. while the red sox season may b... alarm
2	see my sunday times article on sam smith doing spectre months ago which he blatantly denied!
2	currently finishing up a brief musical history of the bond films. sam smith's writing's on the wall just became the 24th bond song!
2	i may even live tweet parts of it just remember that i literally know pretty much nothing about naruto at all except ninjas
2	oil is the most traded product in the world &amp; coffee is the 2nd traded product. capital cities name translat as city of islam is islamabad.
2	update: shawn will be reuniting with jack and jack tomorrow (confirmed by jack gilinsky!)
2	fight food waste, feed the planet: food_eu conference in milan next 15 october stopfoodwaste
2	stairwaytogold may as well bring me back to life just to end my life again because sam smith is doing it instead
2	black holacost christians how many of ! gave praise to jesus sunday do research . he was a muslim prophet
2	theedencentre get in shape this wednesday with yoga 6pm - 7:30pm all levels welcome, fitness
2	last year on september 8th i was meeting ed sheeran and this year on september 8th i'm going back to school... opposite of glo up
2	if anyone is stopping at dunkin and would be so kind to get me a coffee i'll pay you back tomorrow so hit me up! thanks!!!
2	ellen returns with new season tuesday, interviews caitlyn jenner. watch preview:
2	us magazine sam smith writes and records the new james bond theme tune for the upcoming m... news may omg nfb
2	this thursday &amp; friday hotpoweryoga clapham functional anatomy for yoga teachers with jambotruong yoga teachers
2	a federal judge in new york has vacated tom brady's four-game suspension. brady is understandably pleased, but it may be a good idea to
2	the clock is ticking... tomorrow, 9/9/15 is the last day to order from the pre-order collection for eid delivery...
2	i haven't seen shawn since july 15 and i miss him and everything about him
2	every 250 supporters = 1 min of punkrag &amp; the fox: 1st animated feature film with gay heroes!
2	dmoran96 sam plays for a team on a sun - niall plays too. if he fancies it let me know m8.
2	khoulily we got milan last wednesday ... she's rotten lol
2	here is your tuesday class line up: gentle yoga with elle at 9:30am little trees yoga with kathleen at 5:00pm...
2	european bourses rally: milan, september 8 - european bourses rallied strongly tuesday with the euro stoxx ind...
2	the 'spectre' theme song will be released tomorrow, and we finally know who's singing it: sam smith!
2	sunday oliseh reacts to super eagles goallessdraw with tanzania via mxcliq
2	nyfw doesn't begin until thursday. y'all gonna get nicki inadvertently cursed out cz mfs gonna think she stayed home.
2	mokarosery sorry 4 delay- at work. stunned me when 1st earned this. still does.4 all out similarities- its the norm here-except islam!
2	sam smith records ''writing's on the wall'' for spectre: it's official! sony pictures entertainment confirmed tuesday that sam smith ...
2	final sup yoga event thursday september 10 starting at 10am let the river's flow move us along the st. croix as...
2	bts this arvo with jess - borrowing some mats from lululemonausnz for tomorrow's free yoga class. yoga is...
2	naijaurbansports super eagles head coach, sunday oliseh, has urged nigerians not to expect an the team to be an...
2	at least in the streaming sense - me thinks ... i may then do ps4 recorded sessions ... perhaps even edit them ....
2	gds - perisic to have a press conference this coming thursday. the player is expected to make inter debut against milan.
2	sam smith on bond rumors in july: "definitely not" and "i have no idea what's going on." today:
2	sept 9, 2015 wedneday schedule 7-8am easy flow with mariel real 8:15-9:15am mahasana yoga with jaya indra...
2	10 big questions from wwe raw (7th sept): picking the bones out of seth rollins' bad day at the office.
2	msnbc: the nfl season kicks off thursday night and tom brady is set to be on the field:
2	ibrahim, ujah in starting xi for niger clash: super eagles coach, sunday oliseh, has made six changes in the s...
2	welp time to launch tom brady into the sun:
2	some christians will tell you that gay marriage is wrong but will but on their 5th marriage.
2	ny post also wrote knicks 2nd-round pick willy hernangomez will be playing in sevilla, which is untrue. he is with real madrid this season
2	jessieware hi, bbcradio4 are profiling sam smith this saturday and we'd love to talk to you. could you email me pls? ben.carterbbc.co.uk
2	liverpool echo: martin odegaard: i spoke with liverpool fc, but real madrid the best choice lfc
2	when nobody realizes tom brady isn't suspended and you get him in the 6th round in fantasy football. sportsmediauf
2	haikyuutrash theyre coming to milan in december im just sayyijnfn
2	islamic state issues 11 rules that christians must obey september 8, 2015 zee news begins this story with this...
2	layogamagazine hello! i want to pass along this post/video on yoga for runners: your followers may find it helpful!
2	feature-milan scrubs up after years as italy's ugly sister: milan, sept 8 (reuters) - long the ugly sister to ...
2	i'll have a lot more to say on murray in a usopen wrap-up come next monday, but for now, it's kevin anderson's moment in the sun.
2	yoga instructor, jillian jackson, will be at samurai this saturday morning for a special yoga class! see the...
2	back out on practice court -kevin anderson after his 4 hr18 min win over murray to make 1st slam qf skysportstennis
2	if sunday oliseh can get the best out of rabiu ibrahim...makes a lot of sense moving 4ward for d super eagles
2	tuesday's wu'sday. ghostface killah- iron maiden. if there's nothing for you in this, i want to fight you.
2	yo i'm all in for trying to break tom brady on thursday. all our d lineman should just yell "deflategate" the whole game
2	sam smith recorded spectre's james bond theme 'writing's on the wall' way back in january: if you ever want so...
2	so sunday oliseh gets his first win as the coach of super eagles after 2:0 win over niger in an international friendly. haveyoursay
2	chucknorrisfacts: at the beach, children try to dig a hole to china. when chuck norris goes to the beach, he digs a hole to the sun.
2	yoga teacher training free class and q &amp;a will be held sat 9/19 from 1-4pm. free event so come with all questions! yoga teacher training
2	have questions about islam and muslims? join us at the lady fatima center open house on sat, sept 19 10am - 2pm
2	anyone need a ticket for sunday the 13th's white sox game??? potential k-zone game. $15 if interested.
2	storylines (other than tom brady's return) you should watch for in steelers vs patriots on thursday night:
2	join us this friday sept 11th 7:00-8:30pm for live music and yoga with guitarist sean michael clegg &amp; suzanne...
2	it was dean ambrose vs luke harper in april &amp; i have to sit through ryback vs big show yawn
2	what time does floyd mayweather vs andre berto start on saturday and what tv channel is it on?: all the key de...
2	soxtoob sounds gucci i may be in the shower but the doors open so just come up
2	kevinharvick delanaharvick wife said "that's little keelan?" i said "yup, tomorrow he will be in his cap and gown!" gr8 kid u2!
2	sam smith to sing title song for "spectre" the new james bond film, sony confirms. song out 9-25; movie on nov. 6.
2	chelsea clinton is asked about kanye west's run for president and her answer may surprise you: via aol never!!!
2	jimrome brady bunch... tom brady. its all propaganda! signed, the 2nd shooter from the grassy knoll
2	e_e_ when are you going to add milan? c'mon
2	mntwins open 2016 season with series at baltimore and kansas city. home opener april 11 vs. white sox.
2	gay marriage was made constitutionally legal on june 26. regardless of your beliefs, you must follow the law.
2	white sox open the 2016 season april 4 in oakland. home opener is april 8 against the indians.
2	marlins announce 2016 home schedule. they open april 5-6 vs the tigers. the royals and white sox also come to town from al.
2	goodluck jonathan fought boko haram and at the same time transformed the economy .. mbuhari fumbles &amp; wobbles ...
2	twins home opener is against the white sox on monday 4/11. off day follows then games on 4/13 and 4/14. mighty_flynn go_gosox
2	scottwalker barackobama scott walker stands with scott walker. matt and alex 2nd; maybe tonette. no one else. unqualified losingtotrump
2	hoglife209 i say either june 7th or 8th we play hooky from work and check out the red sox and giants in sf
2	april 4th against the red sox, already scheduled it off work
2	i mean it's decent but people are treating it like the 2nd coming of iron maiden. it's not. relax.
2	saiyannox i doubt it's coming at this point, may as well just get it on ps4 when you decide to pick one up.
2	tom brady and the new england patriots. are you ready for thursday night football? embargo nfl patriotsnation
2	july 4-6. cubs vs. reds with all game times scheduled for 1:20. white sox vs. yankees, with all times tbd.
2	imperialdesi hawks will discipline kane for sure. but he'll play again for the hawks. may just have to wait a bit
2	anyone willing to stalk shawn with me? in houston tomorrow
2	shawn literally is like:"show tomorrow ! tickets on sale right now go get them " like thanks for the warning ...
2	shionstear for me. it goes one piece&gt;naruto&gt;dbz&gt;bleach. bleach has never really sat right with me. i can live without bleach.
2	kane and walcott both come off bench to score on saturday then get rewarded by......errrrrrr sitting back on the bench woyproblems eng
2	beach yoga with jen monday- friday 8:30am-9:30am playa azul come and get your yoga on!!!
2	kanye west may be a lot of things but he's not a liar. he can't do anymore damage than the presidents before him did.
2	we have 3 tickets for the orange conference, fri. 9/11. contact shawn for more info. check out this link.
2	and i'm still wondering where the fuck frank ocean is
2	hotelcelebinfo heeey could you look for shawn's hotel in madrid for his concert the 12th of september?? thankss
2	gareth bale was never going to leave real madrid insists agent | football | the guardian
2	plot twist: commissioner goodell hires harrison for a bounty on tom brady's head for the 1st game spygate bountygate goodellgate
2	we all know tom brady is going to go ape on thursday night...right?
2	would anyone wanna go with shawn and i to renn faire sunday, september 20??
2	ask floyd mayweather if he would prefer to be popular or successful, he would have to say the latter.
2	darogen snipingraccoon moonman023 no, just went kaput! ps4 ones may be lighter, but less prone to fried circuits.
2	jared_carrabis red sox may move up to 4th place after tonight. goldbottles
2	"5 months without zayn""the 5th album is finished""niall is turning 22"1yearsincefireproof today is cam's b-day
2	listen for the zac brown band sounder tonight and be caller 9 to win tickets to see them this sunday!
2	on this day in september 8, 2014~ raw: sheamus vs. seth rollins
2	on this day in september 8, 2014~ raw: roman reigns vs. randy orton
2	why do y'all want nicki to be pregnant so bad like maybe around the 7th album but she's literally still in her prime.
2	not sure archie is to interested in this drab england performance. kane on 2nd half. maybe he can play with rooney
2	i may talk my shit about caitlyn jenner. but i'm going to use her correct name and pronouns. that's the least i can do.
2	our yoga for veterans class tonight has been cancelled but we hope to resume next tuesday night! interested in...
2	collidernews press release came out instead of song. confirmed sam smith but it's coming out on the 25th.
2	i'll just go "is there any possible way i could get to milan on the 25th of october" she'll probably start laughing at me lol
2	our account will be very active for international fashion month new york, london, milan and paris all the action from thursday
2	sheamus and randy orton settled their feud on raw. but was the match any different from their previous encounters?
2	kane's teasing us with this shearer thing. triple backflip into the corner flag at the stadium of light on sunday
2	new spygate information could affect tom brady's legacy: charlotte, nc - august 28: tom brady 12 of the new e...
2	potters_1863 apb1979 i definitely watch a different game than you. england 2nd best 1st half and not that good 2nd half kane is difference
2	yoga crash course with dawn marie this saturday at maya shakti yoga studio. 708 commercial avenue anacortes, wa
2	so if kane gets a 2nd. then in the last minute england get a penalty, who takes it? waynerooney or hkane28 ? engvswi rooney kane
2	good finish from kane, may not rate him that highly but he still scores
2	red sox open 2016 season april 4th at cleveland...fenway opener april 11th with baltimore..
2	throwback to my old fan account obviously the shawn one hahah
2	free intro to yoga with jude, saturday, september 12, 1-2pm.
2	tyldesley says we haven't yet heard the name of the striker to beat rooneys record 10mins after kane scores his 3rd in 4 matches engvswi
2	khalilj_2 funniestvines i thought it may have been about john cena
2	icymi : christopher carter and i break down how the steelers defense should attack tom brady on thursday night.
2	if you oppose gay marriage on religious grounds, find me anything in the red words that say same sex couples are not allowed to wed.
2	"i have to get a picture of what i think beauty is for homework. i'll just print a picture of tom brady or me."-the 6th grader i nanny
2	kane's confidence is sky high.. odds on kaboul to have the game the game of his life sunday and him to be lost in his pocket?
2	sam's new role? bond girl: sam smith may be singing the new theme song for the new james bond movie 'spectre,'...
2	murrayirc ghostwater_fm but yeh we r going to ramen-san downtown tomorrow (murray and chris and i) get my from that girl ghostlizzy
2	networking nirvana starts september 24th. if you want to learn how networking can help you grow your business:
2	tribe uses homers to set sale; indians 3, white sox 2: the indians beat chris sale and the white sox, 3-2, mon...
2	released friday: "a love song to the earth" by paul mccartney, jon bon jovi, sheryl crow, fergie, sean paul,...
2	dr. roseen will be in h3 tomorrow at 12:30p presenting about yoga for back disorders. don't miss it!
2	ice cube , t pain , ashanti , baby bash , 2nd to none live at queen mary sept 12th. i got tickets if you need any $45 about 40 left
2	obergefell, marriage equality and islam in the west islaminamerica marriageequality
2	indians francisco lindor is out of the indians' starting lineup tuesday night against the white sox.
2	steelers gonna get waxed on thursday without leveon bell and tom brady back for the patriots.
2	a woman called nicki a wee bitch and spat because she sat down in front of her on the 11
2	the sun will set in the west tonight, prompting nflcommish to suspend tom brady for 4 more games. patriots
2	mzeyara idul adha is the feast of the sacrifice, major festival, greater eid. it's the 2nd of two religious holidays celebrated by muslims.
2	kind of want to go to yoga, kind of want to stay here and watch freaky friday
2	i think mr. "mookie" may be confusing muslims with vampires tytlive
2	wwe : fan enters the picture and surprise seth rollins on monday night raw
2	u2 will play the 3 arena on november 23/24/27 &amp; 28 and play belfast 18 and 19 november u2ietour
2	if you attend ball state and wanna go to yoga on sunday's with me please raise your hand
2	both kane and the undertaker pin austin. . . who's the champion? the world may never know. . . breakdown98
2	tom brady is gonna go off this thursday, the steelers don't have a chance. i'll take that -7 all day.
2	come back to milan drnategoldstein! this one has your name all over it!
2	sat prep. billsimmons backing the patriots is like aaronrodgers12 : backing ryan braun. spygate deflategate
2	only reason is be scared of gay is if u hide your true feelings i says it's hate and fear u may have thoughts of why do picture anyone
2	john cena and i will be unable to attend the critique tomorrow night at the same time as the first one of our album of my life
2	adamonq92 any m&amp;g for ed sheeran on your show tomorrow or in the near futures
2	anyone know where i can watch the floyd mayweather vs andre berto fight saturday in san marcos? txst
2	i bet if tom brady said that the sun revolves around the earth. pats fans would back him up and say he's jesus. smh
2	govmikehuckabee obama even changed the oath of allegiance in july to accommodate muslims
2	red sox may be losing, but the no hitter is still intact.
2	i wonder will sting get back an seth rollins mind like the in monday night raw sting
2	that david wright home run has 8th inning , inning ending double play with bases loaded written all over it
2	haha the top 5 most popular shirts on the nfl store are all jarryd hayne jerseys, tom brady is 6th
2	a respected american muslim scholar of law weighs in: obergefell, marriage equality and islam in the west
2	ellen's 13th season premiere with caitlyn jenner. ellen caitlynjenner theellenshow caitlyn_jenner theellenshow
2	who's going to ed sheeran next wednesday
2	holamatt hey are you trying to meet shawn tomorrow?
2	shiffty25 im_render joeboston617 oh ok, yeah i was just saying 3rd party not making many games for ps4 isn't 100% sony's fault
2	the 20th anniversary ps4 controller looks really nice, but i barely play my ps4 so i don't want to waste any money. lol
2	ladies! due to a scheduling conflict with our instructor, yoga will be tomorrow instead of thursday. be prepared to limber up! littlethings
2	today in beatles history (april 24, 1969): paul mccartney announces there is no truth to the rumors that he is dead.
2	some people may confuse what im saying for "gay".. well happiness yeah... pride..well yeah like the lion. not the other gay..feel me?
2	wednesday's classes 9:15 am - yoga with annalisa 6:15 pm - fit 4 life with orson 7:15 pm - spinning with arthur...
2	murray is outshooting st. mary 6-4 in the 21st minute, but still no score.
2	i bet scott walker would dump tonette and become kim davis's 4th husband if he thought it would help his numbers. but that's a hypothetical.
2	my mom is seeing jason aldean for the 10th time this weekend and she's met him already and has vip and she isn't taking me
2	i think it may take a women like caitlyn jenner to beat a man like serena williams. usopen2015 venusvsserena
2	"grammy award winner sam smith confirmed on tuesday he will sing the theme for the next james bond movie."
2	nicki had the most consecutive weeks in the top 10 by a female artist with 'pink friday'.
2	wednesday's schedule: 9:15 yin yoga with olga 5:30 vinyasa flow with olga 7:15 hot yoga with olga...
2	mom &amp; baby yoga with allison oxoby - it's not too late to enroll in our thursday class! thursdays 1:15-2:30pm...
2	red sox have a runner at 3rd with 2 out with the game still tied at 1-1.
2	can't remember &amp; last friday night are like the same song.i think calum's katy perry obsession is getting out of hand
2	yoga with shannon tomorrow morning 545-630am!!! get your work out in before your day starts! please use the door with the ramp! :)
2	thezanesimon if rousey retired tomorrow do you see anyone who would hold the belt for awhile or do you think it would get passed around?
2	pat brisson, the agent for blackhawks forward patrick kane, said tuesday he believes kane is innocent of any crime ( per espnchipowers)
2	arimoongrande lmao saturday when i went out with my bf i got so drunk the bouncer asked me who's president and i said kanye west asffsgw
2	kane will be featured in the achiever for the nov/dec issue. photo courtesy hittphotography archildrens
2	let's count how many people are going to be wearing a shirt from the ed sheeran concert tomorrow
2	i need to log off now bc school starts tomorrow and i'm still not done with my summer hw. have a shawn pic (not mine)
2	patholemew correct on the red sox, no orioles. ruf - alternate jersey, base from 1st career hr &amp; 2 game-used bats
2	ahmaditruth i'm going sleep. may allah forgive my sins and protect me from your kind. and may allah guide you to islam and leave kufr
2	australia should give priority to christians refugees. abetz believes in freedom (not) as long as its his view of it.
2	wednesday at the corner studio: 9:30-10:30am all levels yoga with amie 6-7:15pm core flow yoga with heather...
2	i'm about to try and convince my mom to let me go to the ed sheeran concert tomorrow pls hope it works
2	yoga club's first session is tomorrow from 4-4:50 in the media center. don't forget to bring your mat!
2	ben carson just now on fox: christians deserve more 1st amendment protection than other faiths because us was founded on judeo-xtian values.
2	good night all. will wake tomorrow and check espn to see if tom brady relieved himself during the night.
2	we may not like it, but red sox ate pitching bluejays properly. these inside pitches making them uncomfortable.
2	my brother just told if tom brady was still suspended for 5 games he would still pick him up 1st round stewyallday
2	jfon_son the 1st amendment applies to everyone not just christians. she does not have the right to force others to follow her faith.
2	just scored tom brady at the bottom of the 7th round. andysouthesun
2	my friend is selling 4 tickets to zac brown band on friday at wrigley field. on the field, section a, row 3 seats 1-4. let me know $125 each
2	only 7 net hits at fenway as the blue jays and red sox are in the top of teh 9th deadlocked 1-1
2	st. marys' michelle bauer won the girls cross country race vs. kane and bradford in 19:21. amanda foster of st. marys was 2nd at 21:10.
2	bradford's logan caruso was 2nd in the boys cross country race today in kane with a time of 18:37, hunter yasurek of kane was 3rd.
2	julesss_x0 maybe he will let us go 3rd period to get it fixed. or kane's class
2	ok just remembered a few hours ago that the ed sheeran concert is tomorrow and charles is in town to go with me
2	saying jumbo shrimp on the menu when it is clearly not is just as offensive as homegirl from friday saying she looked like janet jackson.
2	abreu with his 26th of the season. white sox 4-0, b3.
2	umps say no homer. now red sox want to review whether or not donaldson was safe at 3rd. looked safe to me. bluejays
2	so review says no homerun. red sox counter with review saying he was out at 3rd. reviewitall
2	tulowitzki gives the bluejays a 2-1 lead over the red sox in the top of the 10th with an rbi single to lf!
2	liam and niall teasing the 5th album.. otraottawa (via mellovesniall )
2	red sox are imploding in the 10th inning. would be nice if they could have done this in like the 7th inning. bluejays
2	nyctophil3 hahahaha i was thinking the same thing. welp. you better make milan drive fast tomorrow
2	aidanwilson93 whatever you know red sox are going to win tomorrow
2	downgoesbrown feels it too "jtbourne watching red sox is like watching the leafs from feb on except all condensed into half an inning lol"
2	update | liam and niall teased the crowd in ottawa about one direction's 5th album! 9.8.15
2	it's 9:44pm on tuesday and tom brady is still the goat
2	don't judge if you see me in yoga pants tomorrow
2	aviles' rbi single in the 5th cuts white sox lead to 4-1.
2	bryce harper has reached base twice in the series. david wright reached base twice in the 7th inning tonight.
2	i wish my old phone still worked bc it has videos on it from my 1st shawn concert &amp;all u can hear is me screaming &amp; crying in the background
2	i really need someone to go see ed sheeran with me next friday please
2	bout to clown these catholics and christians on tomorrow. blind eyes when you want em don't change things. silence for now.
2	bluejays score 4 in 10th beat red sox 5-1 turn your photo into a baseball card on the iphone:
2	they get players like tom brady and julian edelman in the 6th and 7th rounds. reasonsthepatriotswin
2	fakeshoredrive riotfest fsdgiveaway wiley, post malone, and ice cube back to back to back may be the most lit thing i've ever heard of
2	even the toughest fighters can benefit from a bit of yoga. here are the white collar boxers fighting on saturday,...
2	ok, i am fixing to rant about zayn and harry_styles sorry to those that get upset. 1st, dont get me wrong, zayn is hot af but is this +
2	trayce thompson's 2-run single pushes white sox ahead 7-1 in the 7th. thrown out trying to get to 2nd to end inning.
2	i'm so upset that shawn is going to be 5 hours from me tomorrow and i can't go because it's a school night
2	blue jays score 4 in 10th; beat red sox: troy tulowitzki singled in the go-ahead run off alexi ogando to trigg...
2	michael brantley launches his 13th home run of the season. in the 8th, it's 7-3 white sox. tribemania tribelive
2	zach duke gives up a solo homer to jose ramirez in the 9th. white sox lead now at 7-4.
2	i don't normally share personal stuff, but, it's after 11:00pm, it's the top of the 9th inning, at the white sox...
2	filbypott the red sox just melted down in the 10th to allow the jays to win, so we thank you for your sacrifice
2	ebgamesaus trying to do a pick up pre order for the 20th anniversary ps4 controller but it won't let me. is it online only now?
2	christian deserve the same 1st amendment rights that islam and atheists get. we live our faith as they live their beliefs. no compulsion.
2	it's september 8th and frank ocean still ain't released an album, thought abel bought you time? nah.
2	"complexmusic frank ocean releasing his second album december 31st 2015 on new years eve. heres the interview...
2	this may come as a shock to you but .. georgia is actually john cena illuminaticonfirmed
2	sorry i didnt update much for tonights show but tomorrow shawn open for the 1989 tour in houston !
2	it may be hard to keep up with their busy lives, but kendall and caitlyn jenner will always find time for each other.&amp;160; caitlyn shared
2	if this is my last tweet i died in a airplane crash if not then i'll be at the red sox game tomorrow.
2	daaaaang it, i have to sleep. more naruto tomorrow.
2	mets (c) david wright went: 2-for-4 with two runs scored, an rbi, a walk and his 3rd home run of the season. mlb
2	shawn take a picture with me tomorrow
2	check out friday's interview with singer jessica clemmons of jess and the bandits and performer and yoga teacher...
2	takumi_nsrp as they eventually arrived at the ramen shop, naruto would march inside and sit down. "ramen time~!"
2	the moon rising (last quarter) last friday from the top of the malahat. - murray sharratt photography
2	usama_backhair sydneyatheist brahuharmony peterastrovik invitation and so did the majority. islam is by the heart. may allah guide u
2	govmikehuckabee and yet no word on this case? so only freedom of christians that think exactly like you?
2	mlbfantasy carlos rodon limited the indians to one run over seven innings tuesday, and the white sox held on to beat the indians 7-4.
2	wed sep 09 00:20:13 +0000 2015 "hatha yoga student would do well to learn about the play of opposites represented by the sun and moon. start...
2	onedirection are breaking up following zayn's departure. but a founder exiting shouldn't mean the end of a business
2	katy perry - "you just gotta ignite the light, and let it shine! just own the night, like the fourth of july! cause baby you're a firework"
2	yo i forgot to mention that i saw weedpuncher in saturday and i think he's super rad. and s/o to vessels cause their new stuff is gucci
2	[the sun daily] us clerk jailed for blocking gay marriage released: chicago: the us county clerk sent to jail ...
2	2nd day of college and i'm already going in wearing yoga pants and hoodie
2	write around the murray starts tonight, but i think napping may be what wins. wam2015
2	by iain rogers madrid, sept 5 (reuters) - real madrid fans watching gareth bale driving wales almost single-handedly to the brink of their
2	the question is not whether floyd mayweather will beat andre berto. the question is whether he will retire after saturday.
2	yoga can improve sex and may even prevent and treat sex problems by increasing the overall health of the cardiovascular system.
2	ekshow tom brady will start thursday...haha haters!!!!! fantasyek that work file? you mean his personal cell phone? are you mad bro?
2	if u are around milan don't miss the brokencircuit world premiere saturday 10 october at la cartografia | check...
2	motorolasupport if i buy a moto g (3rd gen) from moto maker, will the 4g work in new zealand/telecom networks? (1/?)
2	celebrity big brother to stage a fake double eviction with a twist on friday - metro
2	andre berto enters saturday at 32-1 &amp; buster douglas thinks berto has the tools to pull the upset off against floyd mayweather
2	arsenal &amp; mcfc are linked with a january move for real madrid's isco
2	playstation for the 20th anniversary edition of ps4 you should have added 2 original controller ports with psx backwards compatibility
2	2nd letter from paul to the destitute christians in corinth. what a letter of encouragement.
2	new post: mlb roundup: blue jays score four in the 10th to top red sox
2	khshan btw, i'm ok with gay marriage, but the 1st amendment, which guarantees religious freedom trumps gay marriage keder
2	milan, aug 24 (reuters) - lock marco bortolami, 35, italy's most capped player with 112 appearances, has been left out of the 31-man squad
2	sirled26 indeed, hopefully kane's england success gives his season kick-start it needed. 3 points absolutely vital on sunday, nothing less.
2	here in the stench beneath the african sun vultures attack a buffalo carcass. i see geurnica flanders fields and boko haram. micropoetry
2	shawn: if i was there would you watch the steelers game with me thursday? me: yea. wait, why? are you coming here? please missyou
2	myrnabob1 anitastaver the 1st amendment protects everyone's rights- even those who agree with gay marriage. should we revoke it?
2	correction: carson did not say christians deserve more 1st amendment protections than other religions. but what he did say was clear as mud.
2	nasa outraging the superstitious theories propagated by christians.:
2	jonbream i just read your janet jackson article no sleeep hit 1 on the r&amp;b billboard charts and her unbreakable cd release date is oct 1
2	i prefer to juan and murillo for cb "saif_nerazzurro: i'm actually worried about the milanderby this sunday milan are
2	my friend has 2 extra tickets for the ed sheeran concert this thursday 9/10 in tampa at amalie arena. for sale...
2	michael brantley hit his 13th home run of the season in a loss against the white sox on tuesday. indians
2	furiosasgf how about imagine furiosa screaming "john cena" and going in on those recorders like no tomorrow
2	floyd mayweather says he quit after saturday's welterweight world title defense against underdog andre berto.
2	murraycummings hpsmama dr. murray, do you have any openings for tomorrow morning? drmurray need help...
2	1075theriver for the ed sheeran tickets should we call as soon as we hear the 2nd song? thanks!
2	powercat46 read the 14th admendment, thats were scotus says the power for gay marriage lays. in the due process clause and equal protection
2	hovee_ or like you know some gucci sun glasses and just say they are prescription.
2	get a little buzz with detox to retox yoga at triangle char and bar on dorchester rd 10am saturday!!! $10...
2	playing all apologies by nirvana from the album "in utero (20th anniversary) [remastered]" - itunes:
2	as for niall and lottie dating, 1st it's just a pic lol, 2nd remember the boys said they will never let their sisters date the other members
2	mikeandmike floyd mayweather is going to buy a nfl franchise and may hire her as general manager
2	free meditation &amp; yoga just show up we start at 7.30pm every tuesday brighton -
2	"other boxers may have a good jab, a good left hook, they may go the body well, but i do everything great" - floyd mayweather
2	tomorrow we have yoga for early birds! atmananda vinyasa flow with ragia at 7:30am. get your yoga on before work!
2	may just start watching john cena vines...
2	boogie2988 dude have you never watched "friday" with ice cube and chris tucker?
2	sep 09 - 10:00 am - yin yang yoga with andrea 6:30 pm - hand drumming class
2	personal opinion: tom brady is going to cum all over the steelers tomorrow! the motivation he must have after not being suspended... yikes!
2	from the ap -- clerk in gay marriage fight back at work friday or monday; office to grant licenses in her absence
2	headed to fenway to watch the red sox tonight. tough year - i bet they miss pedro. inbound15
2	thursday night at spices negril it's football thursday. food and drink specials all night. tom brady is back vs ben rothlesburger in...
2	since sam smith's bond theme is called writing's on the wall, that's the 7th theme with a title that doesn't match the movie. so there.
2	writing's on the wall by sam smith will be the spectre james bond theme coming out september 25th.
2	caitlyn jenner fears she may have to serve in men's prison, revealing she ... -
2	every human being is born with innate tendencies towards monotheism, later in life his parent may turn him to other religions beside islam
2	caitlyn jenner opens up about fatal car crash: jenner's interview with lauer on wednesday &amp; thursday.
2	katy perry left her handprints outside the famed chinese theatre in hollywood on tuesday night -- not that anyone...
2	gay couples can get married or she goes back to jail. disagree
2	tomorrow i will be djing with ahbaya yoga instructor joy radish for a free session of sunset yoga at lakeside in...
2	just a quick reminder about camilla's yoga class, 11am this saturday at beanies. hope you see you there.
2	if this woman gets away with this there may be some serious repercussions for christians. i can see muslimed...
2	nah that gucci lit ma, you been glowing.
2	the 8th peaceday in the park festival in cape coral florida, includes a food &amp; blood drive, yoga, music &amp; much more
2	cmeantit ~ noooo! just like shawn said "be yourself" if you only showed that side it may be too much but you balance it out with other vids
2	yoga for anxiety coming up - join me on the 18th of sept. register here
2	the yu-gi-oh legacy of the duelist series for ps4 is coming to the 5th episode. have you seen it? here's the 1st one:
2	late2game shawn, making all the phone calls today. hopefully i can have some concrete answers for you by tomorrow.
2	the stakes are high in floyd mayweather's last fight! stream it live on ss2 on the dstv now app sunday morning at 3am
2	i know the game is on sunday but shawn lavuo according to jay will have a pro bowl game
2	reminder: this thursday, sept 10, will be running on a monday schedule! there will be no club hours or yoga in the game room. baruchcollege
2	thinking about quoting john cena in my job interview on friday. that can only go down well, right?
2	prenatal yoga starts sunday, september 13 from 9:15-10:30 $48 for the four week series, or pay as you go for $15...
2	(someone, anyone, let's go see ed sheeran (because apparently he's here tuesday and i had no idea???))
2	the current celebrity big brother series may well have been the least watced, but the markmeets tea... movie news
2	c'mon peeps! subscribe to our youtube :t&amp;t kpop: we make covers, kpop covers, funny vids, reaction vids, etc..... just one click away....
2	gay couple heads to kentucky to wed and make a statement
2	in the mood for some yoga? there will be a yoga session from 12:30-1:30pm in the baltic room on wednesday 9-17-15. water will be provided.
2	nycki96 tigrayrocks we aren't too far apart, nicki. in fact, we may be at the same point. i don't remember if i stopped at 11 or 12.
2	mase said c'mon, mike said shamon, lets start it up early like raven symone welcome back rmx- mase feat. kanye west
2	fly yoga with sabah and piper, arms and core, wednesday 8:15pm and thursday 11am.
2	id be surprised if tom brady doesn't get some cheap hits tomorrow against the steelers haha
2	caitlyn jenner fears she may be sent to nen's prison over fatal car crash
2	but it's not just about overall nmbrs. murray &amp;mathews will put eagles in a lot of 3rd and manageable situations. and finish at goal line
2	we all know it's not adele. she already confirmed november. apparently frank ocean has a album release party so i'm assuming it's not him
2	tfi friday - not half as good as it was 'back in the day'. all seems rather self-indulgent towards chris evans these days (even more so!)
2	anyone taking their kids trick or treating tomorrow and would take briana with them for a little while?
2	"david bowie may be the only rock star to wear a wristwatch on stage" chet flippo, on the '83 tour
2	chris evans with 33 yd td run. taylor w 2 pt conversion. 14-14 with 7:59 left in 3rd qtr.
2	thor is cruising and we are hosed...see you all tomorrow at 2-1
2	yes, thor, i remember those 6th inning stats of yours. let's lose them tonight, hey? lgm
2	hate to admit it but arod is good in the booth. interrupted harold talking about thor costumes for the 8th time and provides real insight
2	thor just giving me my 16th heart attack of the night. it's okay, just some candy corn lodged in my valves this time. lgm
2	rios grounds out to end the inning. should be all for thor with colon and neise on bullpen. still 5-3 mets in 6th.
2	thor said thursday during press conf that he had tricks up his sleeve for tonight. it was the warthen slider, he relied on it heavily 3 ip+
2	metsprospecthub there's no way thor should start the 7th anyway
2	cyr me. i am a caitlin face tonight, but a thor face tomorrow.
2	how about the balls on tc to stay with thor with bases loaded to get that 3rd out!! mets
2	if yoventura had done what mets thor did on the 1st pitch to esky he would have been villainized. instead, thor is a hero. goroyals
2	_mistermet buster_espn kinda hoping matz pitches inside tomorrow, though he's a different pitcher than thor
2	lou_pellegrino you must have heard thor's comments on the 1st pitch he's not afraid that much we know
2	matz needs to come out firing like thor tomorrow first pitch in the same place mets metstwitter mlb
2	i don't know who but someone is partying with fat thor tomorrow
2	twinklemets i just heard a quote that the royals intend to get back at the mets for the 1st pitch tonight please tell curtis to be careful!
2	curtis will see you saturday playoffs
2	dark souls spooky scary halloween party in chasm of the abyss tomorrow! [all platforms]
2	piitp a normal hard slide into 2nd would be comparison to thor pitching inside,utley comparison would be if he actually hit him in the head
2	brianbuck13 no more than when curtis or murphy had to dive in the 1st 2 games.
2	lindacohn bmonzowfan thor's single with 2 strikes leading off the 3rd is what should tick them off.
2	halloween bingo with curtis will begin at 1pm in the 1st floor activities room today
2	mikeya78 metsofficials you guys just hit the ball well and thor settled in after the 2nd.
2	curtis with their 3rd 3-and-out to start this one
2	irvmagic13 buster_espn thor will have sack up in april when he watches the royals raise the ws banner on opening day. want tickets?
2	rummel recovers curtis fumble. it's pouring out here. maybe the weather had to do something with that. 2:04 remaining 3rd 21-7
2	fourcade loses his 3rd fumble of the day and curtis recovers at the rummel 28. curtis back in business
2	curtis going for it with a 4th and 6 coming up.
2	rummel takes a timeout with curtis facing a 4th and 5 with 6:13 left in the game.
2	james_batchelor want me to bring dark souls in for you on monday? (serious suggestion)
2	new trailer for sky atlantic's the last panthers series starts on november 12th david bowie has written the...
2	who's going to radio 1 tomorrow to meet the vamps?
2	thor has learned the duck face first avenue &amp; 7th st entry
2	matt harvey shows up when he needs to do i'm not even sweating tomorrow. degrom makes me nervous. but thor in game 7? pshhh it's a wrap lgm
2	disgustednyer come on leslie where is your christmas spirit a miracle could happen tomorrow is harvey day then the degromatior then thor
2	1 nov 1968: george harrison became the first beatle to release a solo album in the u.k. with the soundtrack to...
2	our last saturday night, thor the movie, tonite ironing 2 basket pakaian.. hadooohhh...maid maid maid....
2	the bee gees into their 5th decade along with me in life. like barry and myself.......alone.
2	factstruthlove if harry or louis planned on coming out that plan changed. briana may have been part of the new strategy-louis is straight+
2	the royals got cueto for tuesday night. they don't want thor is game 7
2	thor throws at royals heads, cepedes hurts self, salvy 1st person to call for the trainer. difference between class and classless. beroyal
2	jerm &amp; curtis record a scene from the women's march for zuma for city press.
2	amy schumer hosted saturday nigh live recently and joked about being hacked: tripwireinc infosec cyberday cloud
2	the sun be like: "1d band member louis tomlinson spotted with mysterious blonde.is he cheating on pregnant briana?"
2	this friday, the bootleg bee gees roadshow is off to the we love 70s weekend at butlins skegness and then, on...
2	will smith, amy schumer and carey mulligan were among those honoured sunday at the hollywood film awards, with...
2	amy schumer backstage at the hollywood film awards || november 1 gomezupdate
2	"markseddon1962: tony blair also deceived the labour party, nec &amp;cabinet in particular but he won 3 elections!
2	godingreen " with me..naked? " thor rubbed his face and then sat down on the couch looking at him..
2	thor's day million mask march mmm2015 remember remember the 5th of november, the gunpowder treason and plot anonymous anonops2015
2	soundofmysummer briana was introduced to louis in february, were seen out &amp; about few times in may, pregnancy announced july 14.
2	reblogniall ooops! there's just an on-sale for the vamps on sat 7 nov, no pre-sale! we've just updated our website, sorry for any confusion
2	hmmm i feel like this one is copied from the world leaders paris march after charlie hebdo incident
2	bing crosby &amp; david bowie have been singing "peace on earth/little drummer boy" in my head all day. how's your november 3rd going?
2	i think having briana be a full-time housewife may be the best thing for the show as she would be a good way for the girls to let vicki back
2	christinelove are you aware of this kyary / david bowie thing?
2	curtis - inde, ky would go after davis despite the 1st amendment (and 2 muslim truck drivers get $240 000. see )
2	gwenda i was tempted to watch the returns at chase with curtis's crew (pretty sure i could actually get in), but i have to work tomorrow.
2	i'm not just saying this as a larrie but there is no way that briana is having louis' baby. she may be pregnant but the baby isn't louis.
2	in all seriousness i think we all stated how we felt about the baby and briana way back in august there's no need
2	briana may be pregnant just not with louis baby
2	guys instead of focusing on the briana drama let's all vote 4 mitam
2	did the album leak???? sophiam are they done???? who even is briana ???? the boys had their last show before the break on saturday ?????
2	george harrison, louis armstrong and bob marley on the way before 8 this morning - how's your wednesday going? smoothbreakfast
2	briana may be pregnant but i'll never believe it's louis' until he looks happy about it lmao
2	george harrison was a customer: storied staten island guitar store may close if it can't find a buyer crainsnewyork
2	starting off our wednesday we have one that isn't posted much... bee gees with wind of change
2	ive just discovered that there are people who dont like david bowie. may god have mercy on our souls.
2	varnster0 missgwilson platt skynews ronald mcdonnell was supporting the march, cant see no sign of him condemning violence, ira lover
2	celebinfoforyou do you have info for the vamps in brussels tomorrow?
2	this may be the odd david bowie song here and there, but never listened to a full album.
2	thor, yamalube/star racing yamaha agree to deal: the team will debut with thor mx november 7.
2	probably the greatest threat to the british public since tony blair
2	downtown halifax on a wednesday night: extremely tough-looking biker in full leathers roars by, radio blaring the bee gees.
2	well it's official... my family has decided to buy another great dane pup. thor's biological sister will be here on friday.
2	starspangledgal i feel you man i feel you but it's chris evans who? every time brendon urie or doshua jun makes an appearance in yo mind
2	threw her off....i may listen to all my gangsta shit out and about... but when im in my room its all last poets, war, gil scott, and curtis
2	how am i supposed to believe babygate is real when the day the guy said "this is for the sun" briana full on posed for the pic behind louis
2	seamus &amp; chris will broadcast live from the curtis house tomorrow as build up to the irishdailymail fai cup final
2	i dont even think briana is sure when she got pregnant
2	too much heaven by bee gees was the billboard magazine hot 100 no.1 hit on january 13,1979
2	officialwith1d 1st louis doesn't like blond hair he lvs brown hair!2nd harry has dimples! 3rd harry is cute af! so briana can get lost!
2	zigzaggyzagg wait... isn't that may 4 is star wars day?
2	the norse believed that during a thunderstorm, thor rode through the heavens on his chariot, thus the verse "thursday's child has far to go"
2	briananews may briana carries his child, but he has been carrying eleanor on his heart for 4 years, thing that he'll never do with briana
2	alfieheydrich's account is temporarily unavailable because it violates the twitter media policy. learn more.
2	dark souls 2: scholar of the first sin (sony playstation 3) - new- sealed: $16.95end date: saturday nov-7-20...
2	okay, maybe no halo legendary solo tomorrow. might just continue dark souls. i want to get all the skulls and intel before i do that.
2	.politibunny ok, you may have stuck this in my head. so, have to share! labyrinth - magic dance - david bowie
2	what would happen if thor just sat his hammer down on top of somebody?
2	my first semester as a college student is about to end and all my savings will disappear tomorrow all because of the vamps nice
2	otis, curtis &amp; marvin will put you in an interesting place on friday.
2	tried to make a dinner reservation for my husband's birthday tomorrow, but amy schumer's in town and every restaurant is booked. wifefail.
2	i'll just pretend it's not the ticket selling for the vamps and 5sos tomorrow :( 3logyinmanila 5sosmnl
2	november 1: selena with amy schumer backstage at the 19th annual hollywood film awards in beverly hills, california.
2	drew barrymore will be at the cedar hills powells tonight. amy schumer is here tomorrow night. twitter, youre failing me.
2	my friday night consists of bingewatching inside amy schumer on my pc with my flatmate next to me on my bed watching something scary on hers
2	does anybody else think woodgate1876 when they see the son of chris evans on tfi friday. sorry mate
2	what's the theme for the game tomorrow step it up curtis
2	find out why curtis was awarded the 7th annual nationwidepet hamboneaward:
2	amy schumer gets realer than real about the kardashians, women's magazines, and ffshoes
2	i dreamt i was sitting on a couch with louis watching this show and then briana came in and sat down and i just ran away so fast
2	but will pay dana white $500 for a ticket. you crying about $18??
2	tehseenp yes if you march with charlie hebdo with cartoons hand in hand with taslima nasreen
2	ggiittiikkaa i wish and hope tehseenp had same courage of convictions in writing to isis to march with charlie hebdo cartoons on t-shirt
2	...just like an electable leader of the labour party who isn't tony blair...
2	'congress will smash rss,' says rahul gandhi via ndtv. you can also try this as the 4th generation.
2	curtiscaron88 trevormiron33 curtis it's a saturday, there is no school..
2	football: (10:39 2q) - touchdown ru_eagles. curtis runs in for his 3rd td in the first 20 min. of the game. 20th td on season for curtis.
2	david bowie night on sky arts tonight and tomorrow. tvguidetweet
2	garrethohl when the 4th goes back to thor - copp - petan it'll hit exactly my pre-season "best on paper"..well.. based on locked stu+thor.
2	read my opinion ab tony blair's apology published in the friday
2	not sure which ira is for you? i can help you answer any questions you may have. message me to learn more.
2	end of 1st quarter, and curtis leads shaw, 7-3. listen to the rest of the game: nolaprep
2	bellarmine prep drives all the way to the curtis 6. bendixen 23-yard fg way left and misses. 0-0 -= 4:27/1st.
2	repost 2 bikes just opened up for soul sunday 930am terlingo cycle four tops, bee gees, gloria gaynor (like...
2	on2mars_kayla i'm currently in providence for comic-con right now, if i have time would you like me to say hi to curtis tomorrow?
2	molliiiiann be that as it may, it was very much not a movie that you'd expect someone of chris evans caliber would be in.
2	ok this is 100% not louis but the 3rd pic does kinda look like briana i guess idk gotta zayn
2	fact (from october): the vamps have said they are starting on their 3rd album and the 2nd one hasn't even been released! -jake
2	lazy (torture?) sunday! starting with some afterbirth and moving on to dark souls ii later. come say hi :d
2	lrt i had a 7th grader belting out david bowie songs on the surf club trip. :)
2	tomorrow, we will hear rahul gandhi say how congress has increased its seats tally 6 time. if he has not already said it :) biharresults
2	emmaburnell_ work colleague of mine on thursday night: "oh, look, they're showing the bee gees on video." 23-yr old colleague: "who?"
2	scj news: dvd review: amy schumer's begins a long film career with 'trainwreck': amy poehler and tina fey may ...
2	stop concentrating on all this briana drama&amp;concentrate on the fact that the boys 5th album comes out in 4 days 5daystillmitam ohnobriana
2	cate blanchett interviewed by the guardian about her new movie carol due out jan 21.
2	"louis might not be the father" "briana's sex tape leaked" "made in the a.m comes out friday" ohnobriana
2	the bee gees 'stayin alive' was originally named 'saturday night' but the band decided there were too many songs with that title already
2	congress vice president rahul gandhi on sunday said it is time for prime minister narendra modi to tone down his...
2	thebiggestjim therealsibsy jupiter on thursday, then. thor's day, thunder &amp; lightning, jupiter.
2	godingreen thanos sat there ..and thor just kneelt beside him.. he pulled his hair back ..and thor was just red from blood.." here he is"
2	"the sun rose, and i was terrified when i saw david bowie walking towards me." - my coworker talking about a bad acid trip at burning man
2	09 nov: selena gomez with amy schumer the 25th annual glamour woman of the year awards in new york city
2	dukesy12 phil_hayes_ at the coming down of the sun.we will remember them.do ira appeasers,blair,corbyn, remember?
2	utvireland karenenglish06 the families need to challenge sf and ira over their actions that day
2	starting off our tuesday we have one from idea. bee gees with down to earth
2	eventim_uk are you refunding booking fees due to the vamps manchester sunday 17th april cancellation?
2	looking forward to 4x06&amp; olicity tomorrow,but felicity didn't mention oliver once to curtis?i would brag just a bit
2	you know you're a nerd when- your hair person tries to book an apt on dec 18. nope. can't. that's a holiday. star wars day!
2	all the young dudes - david bowie - ian hunter - brian may - queen - freddie mercury tribute concert
2	someone should point out to unionists &amp; loyalists that it is perfectly possible to investigate bloody sunday &amp; ira crimes at the same time.
2	for all you that know me! hearing about dark souls 3 may be getting a pair of collector's editions, kind of makes...
2	jezbandit are you about for trials on friday night if so i will see if thor is available to join us?
2	me sam and curtis sat outside the fire station for over an hour at 4am for no reason whatsoever
2	look dot au may have cate blanchett who can tell anyone to get fucked but nz has lucy lawless. so who's really winning the cricket here?
2	whilst members of the ira receive their letters of comfort the british govt arrest veterans in relation to bloody sunday. moving on? no?
2	check out this article: 5 things you may not know about david bowie
2	if lcd soundsystem &amp; david bowie are both at coachella you might as well bury me at the polo grounds when the sun comes up monday morning
2	something shows just how underrated george harrison was in that band! i'm guessing here comes the sun will make the top 10 natfavebeatles
2	this is what happens when you have evidence against tony blair
2	thunderfairy hark! what sound is that i hear? could it be the distant crashing of thunder to herald thor's day'?(thursday)
2	curtis trying to figure out that, oliver may/or maynot be [thegreenarrow] "nah. it's not you!" hahahaha arrow
2	dickgrayson24 so did many and ira bomb, these people are now free from prosecution under the good friday agreement whatsfairforone
2	has chris evans just let-slip who will join him on top gear?: chris evans may have let slip who will be joinin...
2	kerry_mclean what about here comes the sun by george harrison or laughter in the rain by neil sedaka?
2	november 12, 2001 george harrison was being treated for terminal cancer in new york. he knew he didn't' have much...
2	for the feature film "gifted" - starring chris evans - fitting tomorrow fri 11/13 - working mon 11/16 -...
2	tomorrow 7:10 fly923 - i'm catching "33", and the real "trainwreck" on dvd isn't the amy schumer comedy. listen:
2	just got to lax and have a few hours before my flight to okc. prayers for briana tomorrow as she has surgery to remove enlarged lymph nodes
2	for anyone listening tomorrow, i confused peter pan with moby dick, i didn't confuse thor and wolverine.
2	he may not longer be the representative of the quartetrep but tony blair is still heading up this initiative.
2	zip lash may be old, but twitch is playing dark souls managed to defeat the second boss.
2	to keep in pace with friday 13th here's a teaser for the new david bowie album scheduled for release jan 8th......
2	i celebrate christmas, princessjules98, and i don't believe in christ. just like i call it thursday but don't believe in thor.
2	watch the new trailer for david bowie's "blackstar", which premieres next thursday
2	france is our oldest ally. but potus couldn't be bothered to go to the charlie hebdo march. just shut up.
2	top tip: those "not afraid" rally pictures are from january with charlie hebdo.
2	fnocher it was at place de la nation on the day of the mass march after charlie hebdo shooting. i probably should have noted that.
2	this may be the tiniest act of defiance, but i just downloaded 2-eagles of death metal songs on itunes &amp; i'd subscribe to charlie hebdo too
2	.jordysloan fion_li no this picture was taken in january after the charlie hebdo and hyper casher attacks
2	(yo, that trump gun control tweet circulating is from january, just after the charlie hebdo attack)
2	that "not afraid," photo of paris is from the reaction to the charlie hebdo attack in january. it is not tonight.
2	biggsdaddycool those photos you're sharing of parish with the "not afraid" are pictures from back in january after the charlie hebdo attack
2	marthamaccallum i keep remembering idea in january that charlie hebdo attack, a fraction of the scale of this, might be a "game changer."
2	friday on my mind by david bowie from the album: pin ups
2	nick468official that picture - was a gathering after the charlie hebdo attacks from january.
2	incredible picture but it's from the aftermath of the charlie hebdo shooting in january
2	flowerchic462 it's from a rally after the charlie hebdo shooting in january. not technically "fake" but not from tonight.
2	more like more than 100 people but hard to believe this took place in paris tonight esp. after charlie hebdo attacks
2	this is from the charlie hebdo attack back in january. yes it's a beautiful image, but this isn't current.
2	clintonite33 that tweet is from the charlie hebdo attack in january, not this one.
2	i would be cautious saying all terrorists are dead remember charlie hebdo, a few came out the next day while they were looking for the 1st 2
2	will there be another march by the world's leaders like the charlie hebdo saga or will they bomb someone
2	not even a year after the charlie hebdo attack (jan 2015).
2	tweeps; paris is under curfew. there are no mass demontrations taking place. the pics going around are from charlie hebdo in jan.
2	mi holds curtis scoreless in 2nd qtr. brings it to within 2 at half. mi 3- curtis 5
2	rgerrardactor ellendatlow not paris right now - that is the charlie hebdo support march. martial law in paris - no on on the streets
2	uber_pix that photo was taken on january 7th of this year, shortly after the attack on charlie hebdo. don't spread misinformation.
2	kjp love the notion, just note this was from the charlie hebdo attack in january not today's escapade.
2	itnlive : prashant kishore may be a chanakya but not capable enough 2 make a leader like rahul gandhi the pm of this great country.
2	jessicagottlieb i was there for charlie hebdo. my sister is going there dec 2 so i'm updating all my followers on fb. mom's ok. for now.
2	sure the trump tweet was in january, but it is still relevant because it was about charlie hebdo.
2	before we were all charlie hebdo, now we are all parisian - tomorrow we may have to identify with others, but we must not be intimidated
2	(listen) dana white on saturday sports sentral: president of the ufc dana white chats with kevin hillier ahead...
2	i know it doesn't negate his utter twatishness but that donald trump tweet was after the charlie hebdo attack in january not last night
2	erinmcunningham feeling the most convincing explanation is that it was the starting point of the charlie hebdo march
2	this is what trump actually tweeted following the latest paris attack, the moronic one is from charlie hebdo in jan
2	shows how little people paid attn to the charlie hebdo stuff 11mo ago when they're tweeting the pic of people in the streets from january.
2	sad asks rahul gandhi what action he has taken against congress leaders for nov 10 congregationpb prabhuchawla newindianxpress
2	bxsicjc liamaesthetics they turn the eiffel tower lights off in january for charlie hebdo...
2	taken from the march for charlie hebdo office attack. still relatable. we are not afraid. prayforparis
2	can cate blanchett win her 3rd oscar with truth? check out her acclaimed performance today &amp; see for yourself
2	and, last night, i tweeted this article i wrote after charlie hebdo in january. here i am doing it again. (1/4)
2	caraaitch can't let them win! i missed an ira bomb by about 20mins and still went back to work on the monday.
2	ezekiel_iii i know you were big on bloodbourne. i've never played a souls game. gonna stream a blind/ignant run of dark souls sun 3 pm pst.
2	mobeenakhan i think you may be confusing ijclark with thor. (easily done.)
2	"there will never be women in the ufc" dana white a few years ago...as ronda rousey headlines her 3rd or 4th ufc card. what a bonehead he is
2	the footage was shot in january after the charlie hebdo attacks viral
2	dtt_ehsan though to be fair, that tweet was from january after the charlie hebdo attacks and has since been deleted
2	from jan: heartrending artistic tributes to charlie hebdo and the power of the pen
2	charlhenders this is off the charlie hebdo shooting in january
2	rgerrardactor jcorrigangolf sorry but that's an old photo, from january after the charlie hebdo attacks
2	ok. it doesn't have the "not afraid" story, but know that pic is from january after the charlie hebdo shootings.
2	sat nov 14 18:45:37 +0000 2015 "this image was taken at a huge demonstration in january after the charlie hebdo; let's stand with paris again...
2	c'mon charlie hebdo, can't wait to see you make fun of the victims of terror in paris. if the russian plane...
2	preview of the december issue, out november 23: cate blanchett styled by christine centenera and photographed by...
2	remember when tony blair conceded the link between iraq war and isis? yeah, don't forget about that.
2	elcontador2000 paulcharnock stephen99418406 jsiwat tony blair admitted he may have created isis, every action has a reaction,
2	shadow_asl we play in the semis on friday at the curtis culwell center i don't know what time yet!
2	ira, you may have said but what came of 76-year-old man who confessed love from thisamerlife's "the heart wants what it wants" iraglass
2	wanna see basse try out some dark souls ? see the vid below: dark souls ii the last giant. 1st. boss via youtube
2	damone1799 it would be better than thor on the 3rd line lmao
2	narendrapjoshi manishankariyer incindia i believe this was from the charlie hebdo attack. current attack happened friday night.
2	curtis ties it midway thru 1st half
2	hahaha can imagine dana white may want to kill himself after that rousey fight
2	dana white might cut holly holm from the ufc tomorrow ufc193
2	dana white lowkey just confirmed it ufc 200 july 9, 2016 holly holm vs ronda rousey 2
2	dana white says if ronda wants an immediate rematch, she'll get it. other commitments may take precedence.
2	ifighterpilot soldier_pk may be that's the reason charlie hebdo was attacked in first place
2	brunotertrais bbclysedoucet this photo is from january after charlie hebdo. paris is not looking like this at the moment.
2	bowtietwelve this was so the sun couldn't spin a "louis trying for relationship with briana" story from her attending the concerts
2	lesleyabravanel graceheips may i just point out that even though dt's tweet was horrendous, it was after charlie hebdo on january 7th
2	one thing we can be pretty sure of is the talks in stormont tomorrow will do a deal to please the ira. nipeaceprocess
2	ufceurope maizing2 dana white said may getva rematch in ufc 200 rousey thought she wanted 2 finish ongoing projects.
2	"...ask tony blair - or us officials - they'll tell you what empowered isis" ggreenwald
2	also, the 'not afraid' pictures are from after the charlie hebdo attack from january, not after the parisian attacks.
2	if i'm holly holm i think i go to dana white &amp; hold him hostage. but i may just enjoy chaos a little too much
2	bettenkr this one is from the charlie hebdo but may give you some ideas
2	dana white says it's 'stupid' to question ronda rousey's gameplan for holly holm: saturday night offered up on...
2	please be educated about the news you are sharing- this isn't current. this image is from january for charlie hebdo
2	"we will do croke park" - dana white's promise to irish mma fans is the 10th of its kind
2	alwysbemkngfrnz we may go see amy schumer at the troc earlier that night
2	and they don't care about the finer points that may get in way of their tirades. reactions to that charlie hebdo thing were esp instructive
2	see what cate blanchett, rooney mara and more wore to the 7th annual governors awards via yahoostyle
2	first charlie hebdo, then, friday the 13th. isis doesn't seem to understand. france is not afraid of you...and u cowards will end up dead.
2	nigel_farage it was not until the ira took the troubles from belfast to the city of london that we really sat down with sinn fein . . .
2	so its old story haunting rahul gandhi with a new twist
2	fudgeeee guys kailangan talaga natin bumotoooo as of now were on the 16th spot mtvstars the vamps
2	i'm having this problem wherein i watched saturday night fever yesterday and now i can't stop listening to the bee gees.
2	the vamps pay tribute to the member. read more vamps
2	swamy39 rahul gandhi's mumbai millions - backops limited and it's prestigious projects.
2	with his upcoming new album "blackstar" out in january, david bowie has shared a teaser for the short film to...
2	joerogan will the dana white interview be up tuesday?
2	starting off our monday we have one from cucumber castle.. bee gees with if i only had my mind on something else
2	i think playing dark souls has literally removed any calmness i may have had about dying in video games.
2	johnmcternan johnmcdonnellmp that's funny. i thought tony blair did a deal with ira (sinn fein) on good friday !
2	rahul gandhi there is nothing mysterious about backops &amp; i am open to talking about it through proper channels
2	gets bitches interested" - dark souls may well mark the end of my shit. i thought it was localised. it was that
2	benedictevans france passed a law authorising intrusive surveillance in the aftermath of the charlie hebdo attack:
2	here's what a charlie hebdo cartoonist drew after the 2nd paris attack in less than a year... pennyred
2	pie fundraiser pickup tomorrow! 4-6pm in the curtis cafeteria. curtises roopride curtismusic whywisd
2	joenylaw nypost at the bluejacketsnhl game on sat. someone yelled "charlie hebdo." not sure they meant it in a nice way...
2	curtis is literally the mr. mosby of sep. i can see him saying "no running in my commons"
2	cate blanchett, sartorial superhero, mixed tricky black separates with aplomb on the red carpet saturday:
2	martin jones / jones will get the start tuesday against the bruins, curtis nhl sj
2	engineeringiron "i may have thy fist bumped." thor is her fist for tony to bump with his.
2	got a sweet tip for all you fantasy softball players. steadysoftball star player curtis "dinger" wilkerson is out for tomorrow's game
2	chaosfrosted pfft. excuse my language but thor thinks that the sun rises and sets out your rear.
2	rahul gandhi to lead 21-member party delegation to the president on nov 19 for demanding a deadline in the probe of faridkot firing.
2	although the evidence against rahul gandhi may be debatable but media persons are not even showing the same on tv. why so afraid?
2	bdutt sardesairajdeep sir/maam anything on salman khurshid? tomorrow he might even beg with pakistan to make rahul gandhi the pm of india
2	my guardian op-ed on paris, charlie hebdo and the logic of terrorism.
2	amy schumer steps out in black at the 7th annual governors awards
2	meaning this form is from publicrecord, in which it says rahul gandhi is a british national
2	lou reed, david bowie, nina simone, neil young + personal originals. see you friday appledorepub &amp; cbrewery.
2	katullys may 4th, which i just realized is star wars day. so a leeeettle early, but can still happen.
2	tue nov 17 14:16:54 +0000 2015 "we are no longer where we were on 7 january, when the rampage began at the offices of charlie hebdo. the war has...
2	watch: cate blanchett on carol, the universality of love, chemistry with rooney mara: friday, no... via shewired
2	danny white to be announced as ucf ad on thursday. not to be confused with dana white. another nd alum like orsini.
2	the scene outside on crumlin road as traffic is searched by the ruc after the escape by nine ira men on 17 nov 1971
2	blacky_1234 i was wrong, the shoot-out to charlie hebdo was on january 7, france have had along year multiple attacks, mainly in paris...
2	ryan bowie leads the lumberjacks in points with 21. he may be related to david bowie, but i doubt it.
2	look, fighting triceracop and hackerman and the armed vikings is one thing, but that's thor and a t-rex. surrender may be the best option
2	liquidrev listen to ep 723 the latest joe rogan podcast where he discusses rondarousey loss with dana white in qantas 1st class!
2	bjp narendramodi bjp wants rahul gandhi to come clean on 'british citizenship' issue, may raise it... uhf hdl
2	i want to sleep but briana loves typing like there's no freaking tomorrow
2	i did not think about david bowie very much today. tomorrow will be different, i promise
2	idk if i want to be con or i want to be brad ... i want to be con mtvstars the vamps
2	josiebracken niykeeheaton december 3rd at the concord and idk cause i decided today me and curtis are going
2	rooney mara wearing givenchy s/s'16 to the 8th annual momafilmbenefit honoring cate blanchett last night!
2	still on the 16th spot mtvstars the vamps
2	tony blair is right: without the iraq war there would be no islamic state! uniteblue
2	taradwyatt ps the things we want to do to chris evans are not appropriate for twitter. and may be illegal in at least 3 states
2	if you want to put junk bonds into your ira you may benefit from working with a financial advisor.. a human one :)
2	interesting that kerry wouldn't go across town to join the charlie hebdo march.
2	muf18 once because of the charlie hebdo shootings in january, and this time in the light of the paris terror attacks.
2	the bullet riddled vehicle in which udr lance cpl david halligan was killed by the ira outside armagh on 17 nov 1989
2	the only reason i keep going is that i get to see amy schumer in june
2	the name friday comes from freya, the goddess of love and fertility. freya had two black cats who were a gift from thor, god of thunder.
2	ready for the new david bowie single????? blackstar album drops in january...
2	oh dear god i forgot about my ap bio test tomorrow and i hope curtis does too
2	rahul gandhi held indian citizenship from day one: congress: new delhi, nov 18: dismissing bjp leader subraman...
2	casseysangalang hi there. sorry for the late revert. on the behalf of ira. i am here to assist you. may i know y...
2	ex-britain pm tony blair held several hours of talks with turkey's leaders in ankara on thursday
2	arun jaitley invites rahul gandhi to his daughter's wedding: new delhi, nov 19: as the wedding season is going...
2	annual reminder: if a christian says you can't have christmas without christ, remind them that you can't have thursday without thor.
2	finally watching oli's video with the vamps and i'm sat here wanting to dramatically mutter 'tradley, tradley, tradley, tradley'
2	watch: exclusive new clip from carolfilm via guardian with cate blanchett &amp; rooney mara.
2	soundknowledge_ any news re the new david bowie single out tomorrow?
2	abpnewstv officeofrg as per record, rahul gandhi is wrong. may got record corrected and present it before india.
2	i watched an hour-long speedrun of dark souls........he effin' finished the satanic game in 59:49. it took me a year and a half c'mon
2	an ira rollover may make sense whether you're leaving one job for another or retiring altogether
2	now the economist is taking a crack at it... dana white: "women will never fight in the ufc" :) mma ufc
2	ending our thursday we have one from high civilization... bee gees with secret love
2	styles_psychose well tbh my friend yesterday found an article about briana being pregnant from louis from november or december 14th 2014
2	the mets get to see the ring ceremony. that's the "message" they send to thor.
2	how deep is your love now playing by bee gees of course from the 1977 saturday night fever film and album...
2	castielnov4k yea look at the 1st tweet of briana's failed tweets she posted(she tweeted this pic earlier)
2	i was reading an interview with chris evans and it mentioned when he was young he'd have "sunday night meltdowns" about school. that's me
2	those who criticised the way tony blair took the uk to war may reflect that the present pm expresses similar...
2	tomorrow, lontayespncu and i will come out of breaks with a mix of boy george, george michael, george harrison, george jones . . .
2	beastmode4310 yo homie we hosting fights in philly on saturday if your around.. dana white gonna be in the building
2	gvlnrao venky6666 that may be different rahul gandhi with same parentage. who knows? nehru-khan dynasty has many romantic story :)
2	bjp warns rahul gandhi about using words like `chamcha`, `sycophants`: the bharatiya janata party (bjp) on fri...
2	shatrugansinha um...sir, i'll concede that your daughter may be a rising star. rahul gandhi though? god save us all if he continues to rise
2	io9 doesn't even get to hold the new david bowie music video?! c'mon gawker!
2	i may have to change my mind about musicals: david bowie to write songs for spongebob squarepants musical
2	alright ladies and (yes) gents. our poll is here! you may know these two best from both thor movies and the avengers (among others).
2	new music on itunes: adele's 25, holiday album deals, and pre-order david bowie's blackstar: every friday, the...
2	tfi friday. chris evans has a yellow mr happy tshirt on tonight. we're al chanting for my namesake tonight
2	from the new david bowie album, available 8 january 2016 davidbowie music
2	badluckpikachu --and would prefer unification (again, may just be my family) but none of them seem to support the ira's tactics.
2	the secret of the dark souls dev: 'keeping game creation fresh': there may be no more dark souls games after t...
2	check out the new video for blackstar off david bowie's upcoming album blackstar out 8 january 2016.
2	curtis recovers opening 2nd half kickoff. st. paul's hold them to a field goal. 10-7. curtis. 9:04 left in the 3rd
2	kenny sears was marked short of the first on 4th down. curtis takes over at the sps 42 with a 30-14 lead
2	rwthinktank you may have a point. isil may be islamic, as the kkk are christian. oh, and the ira. and joseph kony's bunch.
2	archrummel was at home and curtis_patriots was on the road so curtis is home team next week. game will probably be friday night at 7 pm.
2	can i be the 3rd clumsy, funny blonde to finish amy schumer and jlaw's (incomplete?) friend trio?
2	bbc music - 10 musical reasons to thank chris evans it's friday
2	our georgegalloway has always been right about chilcotreport and tony blair's role in death of uk soldiers
2	cate blanchett expertly shuts down journalists who ask her if she's gay after starring in carol 20 november 2015...
2	gdeluna32 i got you homie and yeah a lot people haven't curtis saw me fight 2 oils riggers in cs lol but i might fight dec 14th
2	timesofindia then rahul gandhi may be one of the mastermind behind 26/11..
2	jesabelraay retrohan thor was mcu's 4th movie, the same will be when wonder woman hits theatres
2	clareknight15 *thor gets down from his throne and walks towards them, he bows* thor: may i dance with you, my lady? *loki looks at him ++
2	david bowie - blackstar ... get your saturday morning freak on with this new 10 minute video from mr bowie
2	that's a scathing attack on sonia and rahul gandhi. both the fake degrees are proved so far. more power to shobha ;)
2	good saturday morning all.... bee gees with can't keep a good man down
2	may i just... chris evans
2	nuclearanthro if you're still here, check out sam's no. 3 on 15th and curtis. or, head down towards union station (it's north but downhill)
2	the bee gees' third album was called "bee gees' 1st" when in fact, as i have just said, it was their third album. beegeesthirdalbum
2	stop by and see us before the show! 15th and curtis! denvercenter thelionking
2	barnes 7-yard td pass and curtis retakes the lead with under a minute left to play, lead 46-41 over tottenville in the 4th.
2	the bee gees, pre-disco (but also saturday night fever) at this point
2	purpleline as corbyn being continually pilloried for talking to sinn fein and the ira will we be decrying the legacy of good friday?
2	this is kind of a david bowie weekend, what with the release of his 10 minute video for blackstar on thursday, so...
2	lady_of_war_sif ~ remembering how he and thor sat here in the exact same place years ago. he manipulated thor into attacking jotunheim ~
2	screenshots of jasmine today (nov 22nd) via briana's snapchat video she just posted jvupdates
2	spinozasrose rabbikencohen i do disagree, but lets accept it for a moment, would you have opposed good friday because of support for ira?
2	nothonaj thank you sir jonathan, on another note, curtis tomorrow with bryce quandel and i?
2	curtis would be the only school to have class tomorrow.
2	tbh won't be surprised if we get briana pictures tomorrow just saying amas onedirection onedirectiononamas larrystylinson
2	does anyone know if blackstar from david bowie will be downloadable as a single or do we have to wait for the full album in jan?
2	'has modiji taken selfie with a farmer?' rahul gandhi's dig at pm: congress vice president rahul gandhi on mon...
2	wait, i got an email that k-state is having star wars day this saturday. i feel like that went poorly the last time around, no?
2	lazerfeednews the inside story of david bowie's stunning new album, 'blackstar': one sunday night in the spri...
2	the_twenty_two. carerra wasn't playing on the wing. i watched the game. he sat in the middle of the zone and took it to curtis.
2	y'all i just realized and we haven't spoken about this in a while but if briana is really having a baby she is due in january i believe...
2	bengaluru: rahul gandhi to interact with students over 'building vibrant india' on nov 25
2	evokesthunder + hurt just faded away in that moment he sat in the dark with thor.
2	congress vice president rahul gandhi on tuesday reiterated his stance on the government's approach to the...
2	so aamir khan finally sat through the entire speech by rahul gandhi aamirkhan
2	if connor mcgregor loses vs aldo i think dana white may go crazy with ronda too losing in same month xd
2	watch christian bale, cate blanchett and natalie portman in the new knight of cups trailer! in theatres march 4th.
2	okay, i've just found an undead enemy in dark souls just sat there, on the edge of a cliff, minding his own business. that's deep.
2	0x486f7073 howesoundbeer i used to go to the brewpub on dec 24th and fill up a couple growlers of thor's
2	larissasocialg (3/3) since ira is calling, it may be for something different. ^rp
2	whereas his remarks praising the ira make the rest of the country vomit
2	rahul gandhi say modi singapore me aur i khet me, you lived out of india 50 days may be bangkok, thailand lost energy gaining now from khets
2	agentm hey at least robert downey jr, chris evans, and krysten ritter all on kimmel tonight, civil war trailer may drop. agentsofshield
2	d_lac first of all relax smh. 2nd he's supposedly linking with thor
2	kairamek second. he and chris evans are both slated for the second half. getting a feeling the war coming to earth may be part two.
2	probably for the 1st time the entire students would be present in mountcarmel for free entertainment from rahul gandhi in bengaluru
2	bengaluru, nov. 25 (ani): congress vice-president rahul gandhi on wednesday continued his tirade against the...
2	"you should really think about your future" *imagines playing holographic guitar for david bowie's 5th tour of venus"
2	keenofaneto then when they get to it curtis and tommy wanna come play !! bruh lmao... i havent seen jamall yet tomorrow gonna be a show
2	todd hayne intoxicating tale of love against the odds carol stars cate blanchett &amp; rooney mara in cinemas from fri
2	though the students may not have agreed with rahul gandhi, but the statistics are supporting rahul gandhi rahulstumped
2	arnab goswami why so angry with rahul gandhi ..its his programme..probably gandhi did impress the students. that may be the reason.
2	congress vice-president rahul gandhi had a tough time on wednesday during his interaction with girl students of...
2	chris evans directed and stars in the romantic comedy, before we go. in cinemas friday.
2	before we go (chris evans) opens at ster-kinekor on the 27th. see trailer here
2	"can i wear my hair like this for the 3rd day in a row?" "if i can wear my flannel for the 3rd day in a row" me n briana getting ready
2	here's the vamps info you need we open at 9am tomorrow signing off for the night.
2	i do agree that rahul gandhi may not say the most wisest things in public, but let's not forget how media portrays.
2	just bought dark souls too. i'll finished them, even if it may put my laptop's life in danger.
2	the vamps music video tomorrow. which i'm i'm (omg) gonna be interesting to see how it turned out thevampsbrad
2	cameron: tony blair of the cons! may he have the same legacy!
2	is nov 27 comedians day? rahul gandhi to speak in parliament. ohh la la ... i am going to watch it .
2	amyforrester4 i would tell you to bring curtis but i don't want to be the 3rd wheel
2	tigjeff dpjhodges if it weren't for blair there would have been no good friday agreement, and the ira would have won!
2	missed ken4london on bbcqt last night blaming tony blair for july 7 attacks? watch it again here:
2	we sat down and played a little game with the vamps (velociraptors may have been involved)
2	when amy schumer is friends with ur 2nd grade teacher &amp; updates u on her life (she taught the other class but still)
2	andycavster nja5 come on lads get to work or your leader the ira lover will be toast by friday we must all tweet to save him
2	dpjhodges lbc "i didn't go round slagging off tony blair" - kl but he did with gordon brown:
2	1st down curtis at the gscwolvesfb 30 yard line with 47 seconds to go. 28-22 grand st
2	gregyerbury peterould wouldn't be the 1st time they tried it. i mean come on, pm tony blair is literally an anagram of i'm tory plan b! ;)
2	the vamps are on tfi friday and look about 14 years old...
2	shadowtodd david bowie has a new song out about a real star that may be surrounded by an alien structure
2	chris evans reveals the new top gear will return to our screens on may 8
2	gk_goran let's not toss the term around. is, ira, organised bastards with an ongoing agenda. which may be the case here but we don't know
2	guardiannews top gear returns to bbc on 8 may: its presenter, chris evans, said that the show is already bein...
2	yet ira's mom is like 5ft and he's 6'2 lol okk
2	29 november 2001. george harrison, known as the 'quiet beatle', died (aged 58).
2	dana white may be to blame for arguably the greatest ufc fighter ever not returning
2	law legal smm man charged with ira membership at saturday evening sitting of special ... - irish independent
2	remembering george harrison of the beatles. today is his 13th death anniversary.
2	stubbornmortal *about an hour later, thor emerged from his slumber fully energized. he did not wish to wake jane so he quietly sat on the+
2	george harrison - here comes the sun (live).avi
2	sunday cinema: watch "quiet beatle" george harrison perform in a variety of settings on the anniversary of his death
2	we'll see if it's any good: bbc's new top gear with chris evans debuts may 8
2	george harrison | shop the george harrison official store / black friday sale ends tonight!
2	quiet sunday. had a nap, so hopefully i can wake up in time for the show at 4pm. going to play this bloke, david bowie. heard of him?
2	how does this happen? all my exes are mental billie piper cheers on ex husband chris evans from the tfi audience
2	this wednesday, beat the cold front clintonstavern with a celebration of george harrison + the beatles with here comes the sun! doors 7:30.
2	remembering george harrison, a true music legend. we share the birthdate, feb 25. passed away age 58, nov 29,...
2	3rd!bottom at the left part! mtvstars the vamps
2	the irish workers' party had close ties to the official ira and may have helped to disseminate nk-made u.s counterfeit $$$ in europe.
2	the latest edition of the satirical magazine charlie hebdo was revealed on press stands across france on wednesday.
2	"a day may come when anybody who is a little sensitive starts filing pils", sc in ml sharma's pil on rahul gandhi citizenship. barandbench
2	hello monday! i know it's hard, but i will help you. get your coffees ready, and i'll see you in 30! dark souls i
2	briana and matt taking some time out for a quick cuddle in fitzroy on saturday. these streets are not only the...
2	please have you listened to kendrick lamar's "black friday"? a track he dropped on that black friday? . . do you...
2	david bowie famously sang that "we can be heroes, just for one day". but it's a monday and i've got stuff to do, so it'll have to wait.
2	rovingmind - mood of the day : kendrick lamar - black friday by topdawgent on soundcloud
2	ich habe ein youtube-video positiv bewertet: the bee gees - and the sun will shine ( original footage 4th
2	listen to kendrick lamar - black friday by topdawgent np on soundcloud. so ready for the collab album.
2	my bf was not wrong about kendrick lamar's "black friday"
2	today is the 14th anniversary of george harrison's passing. something in the way he still moves us.
2	i'll just leave this right here.. kendrick lamar - black friday np on soundcloud
2	clark is drunk as a brick. i closed at 8 o'clock, then built a fire in the stove and sat up until 11:30 reading my brother ira's old letters
2	amy schumer may have brought us trainwreck, but that word just got redefined on thevoice.
2	cgbailey4 through the mud _/|\_ you may like the recordings of george harrison chanting in london in late 60's.
2	when is baby tommo gonna hatch !!! isn't it april ?! i want more pictures of briana and louis !!
2	wynn_the_human i may have gone to an australian bee gees tribute show because of the barry gibb talk show...
2	i just bought dark souls 2 for the 4th time. i've spent $145 to keep playing this game. bandainamcous hook it up with a shirt or something.
2	anupampkher sir, if you looked in the mirror 1st thing in morning and saw rahul gandhi, what will be your first thought? askanupamanything
2	top gear returns with chris evans hosting in may
2	i sat here and listened the other day when that *gentlemen* mr sakshi magaraj called nathuram godse a patriot. - rahul gandhi
2	tony blair's former chief of staff want to talk to isis marcushweber
2	straight up tho if you ain't heard this then get on it kendrick lamar - black friday by topdawgent on soundcloud
2	rahul gandhi's name on rahul dravid's pick is the new age "humpty dumpty sat on a wall". coolfunnytshirt
2	david bowie on his way to casual friday at the studio
2	mikepeover18 flyingpilot79 think i may pop down with ba for the day to lhr at some point one sat/sun. want to get a decent shot of the ira
2	i want to see amy schumer saturday so badddddd
2	alan partridge co-hosting tfi friday with chris evans is so very oh mate. rule of thumb: if armando isn't involved, it stinks.
2	yall fuckin with it? kendrick lamar - black friday by topdawgent on soundcloud
2	can we just talk about this black friday freestyle from kendrick lamar and j. cole who had the harder freestyle?
2	cameron's comments may be overly rough on labour mp's, but mcdonnell called for labour councillors to have kneecaps shot off by the ira.
2	the sun is shining once again after the dark storm that was ira's absence
2	if you haven't heard kendrick lamar x j.coles black friday freestyle verse you need to now!
2	that may be true, mr. kirigiri, but can any of your students do this? [strikes a pose before bustin' a move to the bee gees]
2	here comes the sun - a jornada musical e espiritual de george harrison
2	advancedsoda it's been a couple years. right after im3 but before thor and cap 2. the first half of season 3 will be over next tuesday.
2	who is the 6'4" guard from yelm that dropped 44 in the curtis jamboree monday night?
2	wish curtis could miss a day of work tomorrow. but he can't miss anymore days. i just need him to step in so i can sleep
2	missjette maybe cause they tweeted nasty things about briana. they may not like her, but she doesn't desrve the hate.
2	"tony blair's hasty folly in iraq" - you have to admire the chutzpah, coming from the war's biggest cheerleader
2	bensoffa rodadams46 the homeland security.con team rely on itthe biggest bomb ira campaign was set off in dublin by mi6 it was also 1st
2	i'm up before 5pm on a wednesday... who am i and what have i done with curtis?
2	no mention of the ira's encomium for jeremycorbyn during uklabour leadership election?
2	1st look at the new cover for entertainment weekly with chris evans, robert downey jr and chadwick boseman as...
2	amalekite1 dillyhussain88 u still haven't answered my 1st question, which 'prophet' told tony blair to lie about wmd's &amp; bomb iraq?
2	i may have missed it but tony blair is very quiet on this subject! syriavote
2	the vamps all ready for today's sun gig with bizarre. in action with danjonesimages vinopolis
2	using my advent calendar to count down the days to corbyn's resignation. expect to see a resurgence of the ira and support for 3rd intifada
2	is anyone going to the vamps on the 16th of december in new york?
2	may 8 is the start date in the uk for the new top gear television program. no news yet on crew to join chris evans
2	arethapranklin are you still up north or can you review carolon fri (cate blanchett &amp; mara rooney in film version of gay classic novel)
2	followfollow71 alexsalmond and if there had been no talking w/ gerry adams &amp; others from the ira, there would be no good friday agreement.
2	ouch! amy schumer took to instagram sunday to show off her souvenir from her stint as the host of saturday night live. schumer hosted the
2	retweeted gamespot (gamespot): praise the sun! lucyjamesgames breaks down the lore of dark souls today on in 2...
2	"billboard list need tupac, damn" 9th-ranked kendrick lamar on 2pac not making the top 10 rappers of all time list
2	i guess the hardcore mma guys hope he leaves but dana white will not let him go.
2	mayo clinic bound on sunday with briana. focused on getting my baby healthy!! nothing else matters right now. nomoretearsin2015
2	'a bee gees tune was on the radio, the sun was out and the smell of bacon wafted through the air.' guesthouse
2	jimmyglaspy yes i may pop in to watch you stream dark souls, time zone permitting. where do you stream, and what's your user name?
2	david bowie and tilda swinton are the same person via hintmag
2	the arrow and the flash dropping crossover episodes with similar names is way more dope than j cole and kendrick lamar dropping black friday
2	loki literally just sat in his cell fantasising abt being king and stealing thor's clothes
2	staglaurent are you talking about briana and louis? feb is too early. wasn't he still with el?
2	if i've done one more good deal, can i ask the prince praise me? "first of may"- bee gees
2	it's official: ronda rousey will get immediate rematch with holy holm: ufc boss dana white said thursday that ...
2	...which is quite ironic given the paris attacks were staged false flag hits - (as was charlie hebdo in january)...
2	alright the dark souls stream is happening right now, 1st playthrough, tons of salt/anger
2	and the race between arvind kejriwal and rahul gandhi to be the leading indian standup comic just heated up
2	a friday night in the city twilight hawkers market
2	the vamps, look you are in the sun paper happyvampers thevampsband
2	dark souls 3 april launch date confirmed with new trailer: embrace the darkness.
2	eragon may be teen fiction, but since twilight such a category just hasn't been the same. eragon deserves a higher place.
2	tgnarmy tgntv yt_retweets darksoulsgame dark souls 3 new trailer embrace the darkness 12 april 2016
2	british summer time hyde park 2016 tickets: florence + the machine and kendrick lamar to play july gig
2	michelle978806 dude i've already basically accepted that i won't be able to afford meeting chris evans. i may just spring for hayley.
2	curtisthepug_ tia_pug bukesbestfriend ericmcbrug jimipug ok thank you curtis, mum is away saturday but ella &amp; owen are here all wk end
2	thepchaiya un-nooh retakes that final black on tfi friday with chris evans and daniel radcliffe! baizeofglory
2	game news: dark souls 3 release date, pre-order editions detailed: dark souls 3 will launch in the uk on 12th ...
2	i'm going to an amy schumer show on campus sunday night and of course they sent an e-mail saying we won't be allowed to have mace.
2	streaming more dark souls (1st playthrough) right now! maybe i can make it out of blighttown?
2	applemusic when are you guys gonna add kendrick lamar's new mixtape black friday
2	smileandmissile dark souls 1 had a similar gap, so i don't think so. it may be something sony wanted to do on their end with bb.
2	abc theview they may have looked at the movie collateral damage , curtis and neri the villeins
2	garyjkemp i've brought one of david bowie cds today the 30th anniversary edition and night night x
2	these five music videos i have posted on my wall tonight (12-4): = here comes the sun, george harrison, = (the...
2	itss_jinx can you react to both kendrick lamar's and j. cole's black friday songs?
2	gst: govt yields ground but congress may not budge unless rahul gandhi gets credit - - propping up the pappu!
2	"dick hard like rottweiler. can you handle it?" kendrick lamar - black friday by topdawgent np soundcloud sold
2	rahul gandhi's inaugural address at the 31st plenary session of intuc, today, at talkatora stadium. rgwithworkers
2	rahul gandhi at the 31st plenary session of indian national trade union congress (intuc) in delhi rgwithworkers
2	el_kurry maybe tomorrow there will be a new superhero on the streets. either that thor is really angry
2	sgt_buckybarnes thor sat with him through all of it, easing his pain as best he could with remedies thor has been taught on asgard. he -
2	rahulgandhi"rahul gandhi ji present on the 31st plenary session of intuc at talkatora stadium, new delhi.
2	remember you have to contribute in this calendar year. it's not like an ira where you have until april 15th. 529
2	if monk goes, who in our coaching staff will replace him in the interim? kol? curtis? we may need a sweep of coaching staff too?
2	twilight hour: the soft glowing light from the sky when the sun is below the horizon, caused by the refraction...
2	grahamcannon pjbuckingham ah curtis must have passed it around from tuesday
2	" kendrick lamar - black friday (a tale of 2 citiez remix) (lyrics on screen) via youtube " king kunta the goat
2	[video] george harrison: living in the material world. (released november 11)
2	badbrad1987 ^ 2 kids have entered have by the 8th to enter curtis is ready to pick
2	if "carol" doesn't make you yearn for cate blanchett to take you out for a flirtatious martini lunch, you may wish to seek medical attention
2	here's some of my cityoflondon colleagues with martin mcguinness. some of them represent the ward the ira blew up
2	the 95 national was mentioned a lot this week, there was a reason it worked at 5pm on a monday...to show the ira they couldn't stop racing
2	did you get a chance to go to kendrick lamar's concert in dc we did? concertreview tde musicreview blog
2	it's been pouring for 3 days i'm starting to look like one of those twilight characters. where's that doggon sun yo damn you florida.
2	godingreen thor was all night away .. he sat then on the balcony ..and just was still.
2	curtisanton1 curtis - welcome (and may i add how utterly original of you old tater) lol
2	ign i think that may be from the blood of everyone who died so much in dark souls 2...
2	jason aaron certainly has a thing for nihilistic annihilators...1st thor's gorr the god butcher &amp; now dr strange's magic killing empirikul.
2	zackschneider02 lol you put effort then sat with thor and held him and just watched me slave away
2	waytoreclaim -she began to feel a little offended by what he was saying.- "loki... like i would report back to thor. he may be my father +
2	occulta_malum ~stated flatly. thor was still a sore point to bring up. "you may think that brother. but simply stating that proves you are~
2	mitali_cs gsurya really ?? do slaves have a proof ?? video may be ?? or is it just another sonia / rahul gandhi words ??
2	ironman 70.3 in ballarat 11-13 december. haven't trained? do the twilight fun run 11 dec
2	yorksant so when people joined the ira after bloody sunday &amp; ballymurphy was it 3rd generation = wise up
2	tony blair: uk may have to threaten assad with "direct military action to disable" barrel bombing of civilians
2	cate blanchett to be awarded top honour at 5th aacta awards: held in sydney, the australian academy of cinema,...
2	ito black friday, kendrick lamar's remix genuinely reminds my why i think he's the goat
2	turkey 'astonished' by iranian charges of is support: ankara: turkey on sunday said it was "astonished" by ira...
2	kialna sun goes down below the horizon at 1557, you then should get 15-30 mins of twilight depending on where you are.
2	was wednesday 1-6 some kind of weird twilight zone parallel universe thing, and this is the real team?
2	start planning now: thursday 12/10 dj hip hop club with briana + jazon in palo alto save your spot on the dance...
2	windy evening twilight enhanced by the sun's angle, can visually mimic a tornado resulting from orographic lift
2	this monstrous david bowie "five years" 10xlp boxset is part of our 20% off black friday &amp; boxset sale going on...
2	paulreadst poet_peoples 4carmilla houndsoff no they didn't tony blair may have regretted it labour as a party fought long and hard 4 act
2	photo albums are up from saturday night's santa's twilight 5k at ybor city. check them out and share the photos...
2	__anthony21 hopefully curtis lets me ride the elevator tomorrow alwaysup blessup keytomoresuccess
2	paul crowder will be entertaining everyone at the lithglo 15 twilight markets this saturday at queen elizabeth...
2	kendrick lamar really hurt me at the end of black friday "i'm just playing with y'all"
2	tony blair in the sunday times on isis: "you have got to destroy the idea as well". a war on religion then? how will that work.
2	:his family has done it with humans..all i want to bowbow is.. rahul gandhi may try to divide us on breed lines now.
2	they waiting on kendrick like the 1st and the 15th
2	he's still new to us. if cole &amp; kendrick just now getting the attention they deserve...c'mon now. these ppl clueless
2	this day (26 feb) in 1988 george harrison received the award for "video of the year" for "when we was fab".
2	someone should suggest she read some of kendrick's lyrics. it may be the 1st socially conscious experience she's ever had kathielee
2	damn kendrick running the rap game, cole a close 2nd tho
2	honestly to me this really isnt about kendrick being king. of course it wll happen in this lameass 2015
2	last time we were in the 3rd round draw tony blair was prime minister and michael howard was leader of the conservative party.
2	edward seemed to take a deep breath, and then he stepped out into the bright glow of the midday sun.-bella swan, twilight.
2	mrwavez24 jeremylawrencee jiroum_masoudi goldgoldenexes kendrick knows kanye the goat, hence the black friday freestyle.
2	lylemspencer in one respect, teams may value zobrist more highly than kendrick due to the draft pick compensation tied to kendrick.
2	glad kendrick got that album of the year nom but the weeknd though? c'mon man... fb
2	i want chris evans arms to kill me
2	monday twilight schools football last night was the final evening for twilight football. it was a very close...
2	truth a good film with great work by cate blanchett. deserves more screens than that.
2	1st) why she in the cullen's house from twilight? 2nd) just... why?
2	wale don't do this man. i fux wit you but you 2nd or 3rd tier in this rap game bro. kendrick is miles in front, he'll answer in time tde
2	star wars day tomorrow on tbl twoheadednerd &amp; micahmertes with a preview of force awakens 306 slosha_stumbles
2	sebi17__ and then the j cole and kendrick album is coming out in february
2	iwmarrujo mrgonzalezz kendrick's 1st record is a top 10-15 album ever imo. 2nd album is when keepin it real goes wrong...
2	you can't tell me you like kendrick or j. cole but haven't listened to the black friday songs they put out
2	trillestchico ay you heard "black friday " by kendrick a j cole
2	rather have that than the colab with kendrick.
2	_antithesis_1 and only rahul gandhi knew about it in advance. seems he is smarter than we credit him for.
2	timesofindia: just in | delhi court asks sonia gandhi, rahul gandhi, 5 other accused to appear before it on dec 19 in nationalherald case
2	sonia gandhi and rahul gandhi didn't turn up, dec 19 is summons date for gandhis, sonia says she's not afraid and nationalheraldcase
2	a delhi court said on tuesday congress president sonia gandhi and rahul gandhi will have to appear before it on...
2	its been 9 months since louis first hung out with briana in april so is there gonna be a baby soon?
2	suvelo twilight crit is on this friday! a,b,c grade available. sign-on from 5:30pm, racing starts at 6pm. $10 entry! spread the news!
2	will be on chris evans r2 show in about 20 mins talking about the secret history of the british garden - last episode this sunday!
2	i have come here to meet people, i will react to it(national herald case) tomorrow in the parliament:rahul gandhi in puducherry officeofrg
2	sonia gandhi,rahul gandhi will have to appear before it on dec 19 to face allegations of financial irregularitie rahulgandhi soniagandhi
2	nowplaying five years - david bowie - the rise and fall of ziggy stardust and the spiders from mars (30th anniver
2	"just for one day" live david bowie tribute live in de maatschappij deze donderdag 10 dec vanaf 21.00 uur met...
2	intrigued by the mentions of alternate realities in this review of david bowie's lazarus:
2	heraldhauntscong law is equal for all may it be sonia gandhi or rahul gandhi
2	kejriwal: on odd dates, cars with odd regn. no. will play &amp; on the even dates even number will rahul gandhi: sunday ko kya karoge uncle?
2	kendrick got nominated 11 times but he may only win 2
2	now rahul gandhi says on heraldhauntscong case, he'll hold his court in parliament only tomorrow !
2	richierich65 the kendrick album may be the most overrated album of all time. it's a good album but very little replay value
2	festivus is back as a twilight event on friday 15 january. do you like music? do you like the arts? do you like...
2	on tuesday, congress vice president rahul gandhi hit out at the government over the national herald case and...
2	**iras thursday spectacular** - this thursday only ira is offering 25% off all hair services between the hours of...
2	dubkeks mr_15_ i get u, but for me, the emotion/anger in kendrick makes him much more like tupac. blacker the berry, black friday, u, etc.
2	mccoveychron gggiants panik may be easiest one to trade, just b/c that gaping hole is most easily plugged with current fa (z, kendrick)
2	holiday meal in curtis and huffman tuesday 12/8/15 during regular dinner hours. check the menu online
2	he tries to stem the march of time by covering the plug hole with his podgy mitt but trojanhero knows twilight must fall on bathtime.
2	laydatcheech420 i knew u in 8th grade and i'm pretty sure it probably had something to do with twilight
2	guys, the girl of your dreams may not come in size 2. ladies, the man of your dreams may not look like thor. love someone for who they are.
2	people are photoshopping pictures of chris evans to make his waist look smaller? c'mon that's just as gross as when it's done to women
2	this week is all about our show themes. today: david bowie why david bowie never changed his name! fall show sat!
2	i am picturing saturday night fever with john travolta and the bee gees' stayingalive columbusheart
2	themilanbible i think i know why you think it's funny. it may have a lot to do with the fact that you don't remeber when milan played in cl
2	ekat2104 run the jewels and kendrick took 1 and 2. with modest mouse in 3rd. bit of a genre shift there...
2	kendrick's black friday goes so fucking hard, and over cole's beat just makes it better.
2	the twilight 10th anniversary edition causes major hand cramp &amp; elbow pain. i might need to have a second book on the go as well.
2	vincentkompany you just get yourself right skip... milan in may
2	fetus james from the vamps? or fetus michael clifford? the world may never know...
2	tomorrow december 10 is proclamationday in queensland &amp; friendsofnewstead with newsteadhouse invite all to attend at twilight. free.
2	you know you picked some good roommates when you all just kind of decide to watch twilight on a tuesday night during dead week
2	i can't get over black friday! j coke and kendrick both killed it!
2	if you like rap and don't like kendrick's "black friday", news flash: you don't really like rap
2	it's ok to celebrate "jul" even though you don't believe in odin and thor. should_atheists_celebrate_christmas
2	you can listen to kendrick when he rap about real shid...but can't listen to august alsina when he sings bout real shid......funny
2	kendrick has become a lot more covert with his "wokeness" that most "woke" listeners may have felt comfortable with in his pre-tpab music...
2	tony blair: george bush and i were "champions of peace" (no, it's not april 1st)
2	when you've seen beyond yourself, then you may find, peace of mind is waiting there. - george harrison quote
2	ahead to milan-verona: game nr. 31 at the san siro: milan - the game between milan and verona on sunday at the...
2	made it to wednesday and starting off we have... bee gees with jingle jangle
2	see my article in newtimesbroward and then see amy schumer at the bb&amp;t center this saturday
2	become a father. the 1d fandom is a majority of teenagers with hormones that may not be controlled and they say things they want. if briana
2	kendrick lamar got 11 grammy nominations, and bearcatmatt99 got a piping hot chocolate. tomorrow's first bell trivia will be about movies.
2	weird. hammer of thor is approved along with many others that may or may not be objectionable. thor? va approved?
2	michaelgbaron fowler a legit option? and if he is, what happens to juan? 4th of? maybe splits with curtis and fowler moves to rf some days?
2	kendrick's to pimp a butterfly was at 1st (2) (p)imp (a) (c)aterpilar.tupac.the last track on the album ends in a conversation between the 2
2	why people think kendrick and cole dropping an album together feb......it prolly gone be a solo cole album
2	trump paid $200 to hear adams speak about irish peace process less than 4 months before huge ira bomb on 9 feb 1996
2	denofgeek andydiggle the 3rd of chris evans 8 comic book super hero franchises.
2	arturpetrosyan 2nd time, milan v spurs at the san siro, zlatan equalise on 90 mins disallowed
2	wonder how the rotation gonna look like. harvey, thor, degrom, wheeler, who's filling the 5th spot?
2	joel campbell is leading this team to milan in may and there is nothing you can do about it
2	also costly if to get the new cd you made a 2nd rollover of ira money within a 1-year period. taxable distribution!
2	co_leone with him and kendrick? no only "black friday"
2	dana white confirms cain vs werdum ii on the 6th of february 2016 las vegas cainmma fabriciowerdum danawhite
2	for anyone who doesn't know, curtis has the 2nd messiest car i've ever seen in my life
2	east of the sun, west of the twilight: new moon sinatraamovie
2	ummm if u haven't hear kendrick lamar n j. cole's black friday ???? what are u going ???
2	tuviejaforeva dana white reportedly said holly will have to wait to fight ronda in july but she wants to fight in february or march smgdh
2	i have a 3 page paper on 20th century film due tomorrow, but here i am, arguing over the merits of the twilight franchise with a 14 year old
2	come on dana white. can't even have holm defend the belt once between now and july.
2	dana white just told la times that rousey and holm rematch is set for july 9th...
2	wi a live up the higt life, smoke from day till twilight, smoke from night till sun light...(8) movado -high like
2	adp1113 lol so milan will get a lot of money regardless of being 1st or 15th in the league.
2	so i'm ready to make more progress in dark souls ng-ng+99...we'll kick off tomorrow's stream with ng+86 chat chosen weapons 2pm edt!!!
2	kendrick did the same except talk about molly, but he said we can live at the mall.. that's turnt
2	what's on chittering this weekend? chittering valley twilight markets - saturday 12th : see the shire website...
2	cracking alternative view on chris evans' tenure from cspaceram dcfcfans was he really so bad?
2	next friday i'll be in milan having breakfast ant talking about illustration, time and creativity. see you at...
2	remember amy schumer on redeye.....sadly now i think she may think she is "to good for panel"
2	bravely second being the end of feb also has a knock-on effect on march too. will probably be too busy with it for twilight princess hd.
2	fact: if kendrick made a song about crapping it would be 10x more influential than a future song about slavery
2	scooterellery you're right about curtis but they expect to have someone in by the weekend or monday latest so all we can do is hope
2	so mfs just gon act like j. cole and kendrick lamar didn't hint at dropping that collab joint in february???
2	dana white is eyeing july 9th for the rematch between ronda rousey &amp; holly holm
2	dana white forcing ronda back in the ring after she got put to sleep. he says it will be a rematch july 9th
2	my question: if pontifex has canceled may trip to milan for jubilee commitments, what are the commitments. he going someplace else?
2	itma 2015, held in milan from 12 to 19 november at the fiera milano trade fair grounds, closed its doors with...
2	dana white says the ronda rousey/holly holm rematch will likely take place at ufc 200 in july
2	we pumping inside twilight on dec 19th ugly sweater fete'r with skfthechamp badnewz_juk basslinethemc djsocasweetness get mad now..
2	milan - italian premier matteo renzi on thursday defended the government's move to save four local banks, saying
2	nowplaying and the sun will shine - bee gees foobar2000
2	the ronda rousey-holly holm rematch will take place july 9 at ufc 200, dana white told the la times.
2	after amit shah, rahul gandhi will open congress campaign for 2016 assam election tomorrow.he is on a two days visit to the state..
2	tonight at 7 o'clock join us for bingo with curtis in the 1st floor activities room.
2	nialovelis did you know that me and valsinneverland wait from 10am to 8pm (then katja joined) in duomo square in milan the 3rd for you?
2	jerryhayes1 tiggertherese i think trump'd probably prefer not to mention the ira years tbh
2	"retirement moves: little known ira shift may save you money" featuring professor david littell via cnbc....
2	tvlover01 may sweeps is close to 6 months. i don't think she should be punished though. let her have curtis or lucky at least.
2	music dispatch: gorillaz may collaborate with david bowie yesplease love
2	get your tickets to see amy schumer when she performs at bb&amp;t center this saturday or...
2	harrybowditch taking a day off got a photo shoot in milan tomorrow at 6:/
2	dana white says the ronda rousey and holly holm rematch will likely take place in july
2	.semcasinococo picksix: dana white announcing holly holm's next fight won't be until a july rematch with ronda rousey is _____. hometeam
2	thurs 12/10: thor the elf is moving closer to our kitchen. hmmm... thortheelf2015
2	kim kardashian shows off 'gorgeous' roses from celeb pals like chrissy teigen and john ...: on thursday, the r...
2	i just read kim kardashian may have gestational diabetes via airgbuzz
2	i wonder how long it will take for chris evans to slip in a plug for tfi friday or top gear. bbcmusicawards
2	scalzi yep. need to do that by year end or by april 15th, depending on the kind of ira. remember to fund hsa, too, if you have one!
2	is chris evans turning into alan partridge? brian may's introduction just needed an a-ha bbcmusicawards
2	ending our thursday we have.... bee gees with immortality
2	richieallenshow many listeners are not with the information yet. may have read a book or 2but still not convinced! twilight zone someone?
2	gigharborlax just added a game with curtis for april 1st. no fooling.
2	alexisssdavis i'm finishing sophomore year in curtis but i'm moving too jersey saturday well tmr i get the keys and everything
2	didn't major meet the ira, quentin? i may be wrong possibly.....
2	no mention that thatcher blair and major also talked to the ira or else no good friday agreement bbcqt
2	where to buy minimalist, vintage, and kim kardashian pins on the internet:
2	this sunday live on concert: alisah, guji, janice, jessica, moira, stan &amp; thor! at the opening of hellokittycafe
2	i drew a fairy king on - with david bowie pants and all. hope to see everyone on saturday :d
2	exclusive: cate blanchett may be joining the marvel universe! | don't tease me! scifi movies mcu
2	1st soundtrack for the milan game
2	under pressure by queen and david bowie was no.2 in the uk charts on 10 december 1981
2	people who seem incredulous that cate blanchett may be in thor 3: you do remember that she played an elf, right?
2	why do people have a problem with the christ in christmas but not the thor in thursday?
2	movie: cate blanchett may star in marvel's 'thor: ragnarok': the award-winning actress is reportedly in the ...
2	check out red carpet looks from cate blanchett, elizabeth debicki &amp; teresa palmer at the 5th aacta awards
2	national herald case: rahul gandhi ready to go to jail may god grant pappu his wish at the earliest !!
2	cavenigger hes got a new mixtape?? or u mean the small black friday thing with kendrick
2	i sense the second dana white family hype train coming to an end tonight, and another one saturday
2	wissportsnet curtis left thursday's game vs. ash with 7 minutes left in the 1st half and didn't return after suffering a lower-leg injury.
2	when pm narendra modi met rahul gandhi and shook hands with him new delhi: friday, december 11, setting aside...
2	abbamania or night fever: an evening of the bee gees (7:30 p.m., december 17 and 18)
2	kendrick's black friday track destroyed cole's but they was just warming us up for rotd2
2	sonia n rahul gandhi got summons. swamy is doing all the answering.
2	oscar-winning actress cate blanchett may soon be joining the marvel universe as she is in talks to star in the upcoming film thorragnarok
2	rahul gandhi the kid is planning jail bharo with all his supporters on 19 dec. great. the judge will have less trouble arriving at verdict.
2	am at the tony blair select committee hearing. a policeman has sat down beside me, in case i unleash any sudden quips
2	tony blair: bringing libya 'in from the cold' may have stopped isis getting chemical arms
2	ani_news its a non-profit company &amp;amp; its very clear. lets see what happens on the 19th: rahul gandhi nationalheraldcase
2	reality tv star kim kardashian and her rapper husband kanye west announced saturday the birth of their second child, a baby boy. "he's
2	gogggs you wouldn't go near curtis's at the moment would you. i can't imagine irish cav will still be fav by the off tomorrow
2	red-hot comedian amy schumer will bring her first solo arena tour to the bb&amp;t center, miami on dec 12. do not...
2	this is the 3rd time i've seen gadafi in a long while, and every time he's with tony blair
2	cate blanchett may join the marvel universe! do you think she'd be a good fit?
2	study 26:10 it may mean that sombre sky-blue appearance of the horizon at the time of twilight, i.e., between light and darkness;(b)
2	you may be on to something tho frfr stranger things have happened. look at the twilight girl lol
2	it's friday. get hammered with thor and the avengers age of ultron tonight for just 99p!
2	sardesairajdeep what's wrong with the answer? you may applaud rahul gandhi for his open farce! i'm happy with a pm who's not a hypocrite!
2	friday, december 11, 2015 tony blair says he got david cameron's permission to warn colonel gaddafi to flee...
2	boy i bet kendrick is glad he didn't go for that 2nd cup of coffee before calling tlr on greinke. minutesaway dbacks
2	thursday 17th (otherwise know as star wars day) we will have christmas parties in the afternoon.pupils should arrive in uniform then change.
2	robertelms off to ronnies sat night to see curtis you going ?
2	okay so on the trip, wednesday i think, all 6 of us gathered in the youth hostel lounge and watched the first twilight movie
2	just turned onto tfi friday. chris evans is clearly still trying to get charlene spiteri from texas into bed. give it up man, you're fifty.
2	ritaora hun i am going to dublin in march, if you do a tour, do not come to italy (milan) during the period from the 11th to the 20th pls
2	why am i just learning that kim kardashian and kanye west named their 2nd child saint?
2	fit fix: "it's rousey" next for holly holm, dana white says: holm-rousey iithe rematch is set for july 9, dana white told the la time...
2	cate blanchett hammering out the details of thor 3 role - gaea mother of thor
2	hoping the evening post is right with reports that curtis could opt to move ayew up front tomorrow. fernandez could also return.
2	tony blair says engaging with gaddafi may have prevented is obtaining chemical weapons
2	i know mcgregor has been hyped like rousey &amp; i also know if he loses tomorrow dana white might stroke out
2	bruh if kendrick brings out the rest of tde tomorrow, i'll die on the spot.
2	me after listening to "black friday" by kendrick for the first time
2	when devon was in 9th grade, him and brother went to see twilight thinking it was a vampire fight movie
2	let august &amp; kendrick get on the same track &amp; watch the world crack!... slowly
2	lokilaufeyson97 'well, anyone else than thor if he hardly around. i mean you may have some friends.' he raises a brow.
2	jimmy_melody74 leomanning1445 haven't read it but i can send it your way in the morning. also, have ira texts for you on monday
2	i hear kim kardashian is leaving 'keeping up with the kardashians' after the 9th series. i wonder if they're going to kill her off?
2	as of right now it's drake, kendrick, and cole. that 4th spot is still available...or they might be the holy trinity.
2	blog pick for doncaster. night in milan and generous ransom the picks in a competitive race
2	"blackstar" off david bowie's upcoming album blackstar out 8 january 2016. ....what do you think? buy:p
2	curtis, what was that false alarm in late july??? or the gook something is being prepared..
2	i would neither describe curtis as a student of football nor the sharpest knife in the drawer. but he's swansea through and through c'mon
2	video: 5 things to know ahead of milan-hellas verona: milan continue the 2015/2016 season on sunday afternoon ...
2	rahul gandhi wants to emulate kejriwal. says he prefers jail to bail.but rahul may not come out and get convicted while in jail! drgarekar
2	crm suzanne stopping off ltlshopofcoffee with briana spreading the news of our recruitment day 15 december
2	for the ones tomorrow sunday in milan (italy): aperitif and evening at fiat open lounge:
2	i wonder if quietriot remembers the group or may have toured with thor or have any stories about them?
2	david bowie's daughter was born august 15,2000 just like me. coincidence? i think not.
2	at 97 100numbertwos50s60s in sep '69 taking over at 2 from robin gibb, the bee gees' don't forget to remember
2	devtrilla dailyrapfacts yeah true. i say he drops in feb. but idk... that's when j cole and kendrick i think might drop their project...
2	mmaandshit curtis my man do you have a stream for tomorrow ?
2	jastockton2 xgunnx in occult code thor, the representant of thursday's thunder means hort: the outside lying horse. ~ eva, hors d' oeuvre
2	"neptune to be larger than jupiter one day? dana white's answer may surprise you."
2	kontemplat3 i heard 2chajnz and wayne is making one and if kendrick and cole's drops in feb. it'll be game over
2	4th time i've cried today and it's surprisingly not about george harrison
2	kendrick in black friday &gt; j cole in it
2	rumors kendrick lamar and yg took a backseat saturday to bring a little christmas cheer to the... bestof_stupid
2	from possessed nuns tonight to the twilight of the gods tomorrow. time for bed. good night, bonne nuit, bona nit, gute nacht
2	voting closes on tuesday, just to let you all know :) mtvstars lady gaga
2	breestraley is it at your house? if you're free at all tomorrow we can see if curtis can come look at it ? text meee
2	my 4th account is gonna be blocked now, what to do?? create the 5th?! it's the craziest voting i've ever seen in my life mtvstars lady gaga
2	conor told dana white he will knock aldo out in 4 minutes of the 1st round
2	dana white just said mcgregor looked great weigh ins and made it easily.thats 1st ballot hof just sayin stuff chaddundas benfowlkesmma
2	mcgregor promised dana white he'd knock aldo out in 1st round. highly doubt it but he'll throw everything at proving himself right
2	voting wont end until the 15th so if u dont see the votes that doesnt mean it ended mtvstars lady gaga
2	mtvstars lady gaga we can last till the 15th
2	twilight may be a really shitty movie franchise but the soundtracks are so good
2	21-14 them with 4:14 to go. milan scampers for one on 4th down.
2	well, kourtneyleibman may be happy that thor is hosting snl, but i'm looking forward to chance the rapper.
2	newsx who shld take the credit kejriwal or rahul gandhi or now may b nitish
2	lobsters? aliens? ipads? kim kardashian? today's sunday survey - the unusual things you've seen in a nativity play.
2	briana draking it because of ivan, you good?
2	and my toughest final is tomorrow, it's cumulative, and i've been watching amy schumer and the office all night instead of studying
2	conor mcgregor may be moving up to 155 and fight for the 155 ufc belt! confirmed by dana white ! what fight do...
2	i like the fact that we got no classes tomorrow. but the typhoon approaching scares me. mtvstars the vamps mtvstarsof2015 the vamps
2	i still am looking for one logical answer as to why kendrick lamar is hypocritical with his gf...maybe tomorrow
2	all you need to know about udinese 0-4 inter: milan - inter beat udinese 4-0 on saturday night to move up to 3...
2	when rahul gandhi accuses you of heading suit-boot ki sarkaar,he may not be wrong sir narendramodi.what have you done for bundelkhand &amp; up?
2	milan's expo is well and truly over and it seems public transport strikes are well and truly back. one coming up on wednesday 16 december.
2	rally against the imperialism and zionism. milan, italy 19 september
2	should be doing my essays and a pile of work, but no, i'm just sat here watching the twilight movies. priorities
2	lady gaga, rita ora, victoria beckham and more at the british fashion awards on monday in london.
2	today or tomorrow night work have to been done by midnight. no shame or sharing with twilight your future will be bright.
2	c_munroe can you sign in and check your order history curtis? you may want to come onto live chat so we can look into this for you?
2	niang fires just wide with milan's first true chance. 18th minute. silvioschampagnefootball. milanverona
2	an old pic of george harrison and ringo in my sunday paper. doesn't ringo look like jaymcguiness in it?!
2	2nd half about to start.... forza milan
2	seriea 2nd half between milan and hellas verona has just been started! current score 0-0 ac ver
2	btsportfootball you called it. the first 15 minutes of the 2nd half in any milan and verona game is crucial and is again!
2	on december 2, kartell, an italian furniture company headquartered in milan, brought the great master of design,...
2	i guess milan may get some complimentary tickets to the cl final at san siro. that's the only way they'd see euro football.
2	no it's cool milan, tie the 19th and 20th placed teams back to back that's fine
2	may i know how the match result between milan vs verona just now ? holdthemilan
2	6 km march by rahul gandhi in barpeta,assam is probably the shortest long march in indian history of politics.
2	rahul gandhi savours `litti-chokha` on wintry sunday - see pic!: rahul gandhi mingled freely with street vendo...
2	milan face sampdoria in the coppa italia on thursday night (17.12).
2	the bee gees are coming to you this friday. call us on 01253625262 for more information or visit our website to book.
2	when you od on extra strength tylenol and watch twilight with squad cuz sunday nora_arthur viggiesmalls_
2	ogconstant ay what did you think of the black friday tracks from cole and kendrick?
2	the fact twilight is on the tele has made my sunday a little bit better
2	davidlaz may i pause or not pause and call it brain surgery? kim kardashian has more truthiness than dr.carson. 4%, reminds me of uncle joe
2	6:00 2nd | curtis with a clean 3 from the corner. the offense is flowing for the raiders now. gonzaga still leads 29-15.
2	this kid put kendrick &amp; j. cole in his in his top 5 &amp; doesn't know about section 80 or friday night lights....... smh at this new generation
2	it'll be interesting to know what content kendrick comes up with for his 3rd album and what it's conceptual conception will be about
2	icymi - this is the full video of tony blair at hoc foreign affairs cttee friday 11 december 2015. over one hour.
2	dec 13, 1965 john lennon, paul mccartney and george harrison meet at nems hq to discuss the group's third film project, a tallent for lovng
2	italy news: italy moves to bail out savers: milan - italy was working friday to set up a solidarity fund to he...
2	thorthe_god he gently sat up, looking around and stretching, looking down at thor with a smile. he climbed out of bed, got dressed and _
2	watching the 2nd half of twilight and thinking how much of a stalker edward sounds ''i like watching you sleep'' - ok then!
2	there may be a tax credit for you if you are contributing to an ira:
2	the fact that kishan was telling me last night that he was having a kim kardashian done to him thursday.
2	idk how on earth i'm going to get through april 14th without kendrick and oscar
2	serie a: juve win 6th straight; milan booed: reigning champions juventus burst back into the serie a title rac...
2	by local, fresh produce for xmas at the special slowfoodmelb x melbfarmersmkts twilight market on 23 dec
2	i sat in the dark for two hours and listened to kendrick
2	walked into green dot and the bee gees started playing as soon as we sat down.
2	black friday by kendrick lamar, found with shazam. listen now:
2	kendrick and sean - keith want to take you to a gay bar - tonight as we fling cocktails - sunday 7 pm-2 am...
2	done with ahs till wednesday &amp; finished inside amy schumer, now what?
2	cheyenethomas2 only the intro? man you missing out and the only thing weak about j. coles black friday was kendrick's beat...
2	brianabanksxoxo may i just ask, do you still have your tongue piercing, briana? hopeso :) thanks.
2	a twilight anniversary vigil will be held in martin place tomorrow to mark one year since the lindt cafe siege. tennews
2	dana white says he will vote for donald trump, despite controversial political comments about muslims: he may ...
2	when i hear tale of 2 citiez beat, i think it's kendrick lamars black friday...
2	classic hits uk just played - bee gees - first of may
2	a twilight ceremony will be held tomorrow to remember the victims of the martin place siege
2	kevingagaloo no hun they take down the chart but the voting does not stop till the 25th mtvstars lady gaga
2	"remember when u called plies a monkey?" "or when u agreed kendrick was the 2nd best rapper in the game but everyone else was the first?"
2	jenuto0 no voting ends on the 25th hun please listen to my new single mtvstars lady gaga
2	sun 12/13: thor the elf was checking out tanner's toy box for gift ideas. thortheelf2015
2	_m4verick dream_chaser_10 seen a photos of them and the caption said "kendrick and sherane in the 9th grade" and they were on some bed
2	friday 18th - don't miss the next creativemornings in milan with ale giorgini. see you in the morning!
2	this is the link to the twilight run this coming thursday ...
2	timesnow may be rahul gandhi was going thru "those days"
2	getpfeifed have you listened to black friday by cole and kendrick?
2	unless its on 19th. rahul gandhi will be a little busy that day i presume.
2	officeofrg always refers about 3rd person 2 call rahul gandhi. rahul ko kaise bulayegi janta shakurbasti , amethi ppl still trying 2 call
2	is rahul gandhi trying to experiment with `soft hindutva`?: congress vice president rahul gandhi on monday cam...
2	dark souls has made me hollow. humanity at 0. praise the sun.
2	sorry , i have to sleep , tomorrow all day mtvstars lady gaga
2	phoebeduffield hey, just to let you know, we have tickets for florence &amp; kendrick with no booking fees:
2	mtvstars lady gaga dick dick dick the time is dicking away.. voting closes 10 a.m. dec 15 tweet mtvstars lady gaga
2	love is just a history that they may prove mtvstars lady gaga
2	even as congress vice-president rahul gandhi on monday alleged that he was prevented from entering the barpeta...
2	curtiskingsley everything ok curtis? that's the 5th time you followed and unfollowed me....one more time and ......
2	fbomb 111! december 26th! arlene's grocery! the bombardiers tackle the works of david bowie plus natural born...
2	chelsea are one of the ucl finalist in milan in may and i know everyone knows how we play a final winning game,...
2	alankarsawai so the kids in the picture belong to rss, came to stop rahul gandhi? rofl..
2	i'm going to do some dark souls challenges. tomorrow you'll get a challenge set to me by iamsneaky but i need a challenge (cont...)
2	heard another story of a guy buying twilight struggle for his 1st game because it's top of bgg. 1 reason pandemic legacy should supplant it.
2	c'mon meet me in the eletric chapel mtvstars lady gaga
2	i know this sounds desperate but can you guys please donate to help itsmechriswho see the vamps on wednesday?
2	pray for curtis. he hasn't felt the best all weekend. today he is going to our local clinic. he has surgery scheduled for thursday.
2	don't be sad when the sun goes down! mtvstars lady gaga
2	lady gaga and taylor kinney look like the real-life cinderella and prince charming in nyc via popsugar
2	if my queen is in the 26th place, the queen must be in the first one mtvstars lady gaga
2	keep voting for lady gaga by just retweeting this tweet! voting ends tomorrow! mtvstars lady gaga
2	soapsindepthabc yes hayden is precious, the 1st job that came to my mind for curtis was stripper...(i'm probably not precious) gh
2	i gotta go and get some sleep.. its so late here.. will keep voting tomorrow morning before the closing mtvstars lady gaga
2	on black friday i always thought kendrick said "coney island!!" but he says "can you handle it" lmfaooo whyamistupid
2	i hope milan mom say that she can come over on the 28th
2	we're live with the 1st episode of i hate (myself) mondays. each week we play bloodborne or dark souls... and weep.
2	milan draw 20th place team silvio makes public statement about coach new mr. bee rumors management deflects responsibility again milancycle
2	in this april 30, 2012 file photo, kim kardashian from the show "keeping up with the kardashians" attends an e!
2	tomorrow will be the last day to vote! we have to vote harder if we want to take the 1st place! mtvstars lady gaga
2	mindful monday: every monday we discuss the best practices for ira investors
2	tuesday on tap: straight from milan, the hoppy quarantot from birrilambrate monarcalambrate!
2	tvmojoe beersbetsy have you guys seen uk reboot of 'tfi friday'starring new top gear host chris evans? keen to know your thoughts???
2	posted 6 minutes ago: shortly after dropping his black friday remix package with kendrick lamar, j.... newhiphop
2	king bear profound thought for day. is getting drunk and watch the lady gaga videos on monday gay?
2	tune in this wednesday at 12 pm pst as i talk to dr. milan about fatigue and how it impacts our lives. i'm very...
2	if you're not on curtis or wagner vars you have no say in whats going on friday period
2	kim kardashian and kanye west update: saint west may be the couple's last child: kim kardashian's pregnancy co...
2	what time is the wagner vs curtis game friday?
2	itsmtvstarslg wafflesinhd they've done this every year. it's so fans go crazy and vote more to make sure they are 1st mtvstars lady gaga
2	the march of the black queen mtvstars lady gaga
2	briana is gonna be gone literally all day tomorrow..... i'm about to be in her house by my lonesome. might cry
2	we are going to take 1st place, keep voting!! mtvstars lady gaga
2	voting ends tomorrow at ten a.m. so can this tweet get up to at least a hundred retweets by the morning? mtvstars lady gaga
2	sabanocchio yeah could u imagine kim kardashian as the 1st lady? u would have leaders from other countries asking what up with her big ass?
2	1st good step against evil "saudi arabia announced the formation of a 34-state islamic military coalition"
2	it's not just for the kim kardashian's of the world! we have twins coming tomorrow that will be getting their...
2	get ready for wednesday's presentation at wf-iot in milan, about smart iot notifications
2	rock calendar 12-15-77: "saturday night fever" soundtrack, w/pulsing disco songs from bee gees and others, released a day ahead of the movie
2	don't miss the all-new episode of ahshotel called "she gets revenge" tomorrow at 10 on fx! mtvstars lady gaga
2	balotelli in contention for coppa?: mario balotelli may be fit to make his milan retu...
2	saudi arabia announces muslim anti-terror alliance of islamic nations: saudi arabia announced tuesday the form...
2	timpeake is now listening to lady gaga, but it's not on his playlist. must be pick of another astronaut?
2	ap top stories december 15 a: here's the latest for tuesday, december 15th: saudi arabia forms coun... usa news
2	w fact: the most spoons balanced on the face is 17 by aaron caissie of canada, in milan, italy, on 18 april 2009.
2	saudi arabia says it will host syria opposition meet on tuesday via reuters
2	tony blair also won 1994 labour leadership with a landslide - yet jc still became a constant critic and serial rebel
2	milan heading towards the same direction
2	milanclubphilly i know it's not your neck of the woods, but do you happen to know a spot i can watch the milan game on the 17th in nyc?
2	technically briana should have already had her baby but if we're just going back to when the rumors started, she'll have it in february...
2	end-time bible prophecy?: saudi arabia announces "military alliance." this may fulfill "king of the south" prophecy soon. daniel 11:40.
2	.crazyfillyjonk i have an "i am batman" t-shirt. i might wear it on friday which hr has declared as "star wars day". because i'm contrary.
2	luxury&gt; watch: jennifer lawrence, amy schumer may grace the red carpet in same dress &gt; la-- vip
2	sbarlow_rob btabrum lithium is essential for fuel cells and anti-depressants. it's the element of the 21st c. &amp; bolivia the saudi arabia
2	-- thor stood behind jane, holding her.] "alright, you may look." [they stood on the beach with a view on the ocean. -- [stopwiththeipod]
2	milan bourse closes up 3.74%: milan, december 15 - the milan bourse rallied at tuesday's close as the ftse-mib...
2	kim kardashian's makeup artist mario dedivanovic reveals his drugstore beauty faves: makeup artist mario dedivanovic (whom you may kn...
2	i have to rewrite an essay for tomorrow and i have no motivation to do it and i'm just sitting with my head on my arm with david bowie on
2	johnjohano1983 180 lad, 1 night in milan 1 in munich then back the friday
2	khurtizz hey curtis - not sure if you have an apple tv, but the 1st prank app for apple tv launched today!
2	david bowie playing on the 45 at the moment....jedward set to be played soon...it's all happening here on the tuesday night request show!
2	do you think... george harrison's song "here comes the sun" was actually supposed to be titled "here comes the son" and was about christmas?
2	milan just got its 1st same sex second-parent adoption adoption family italy
2	they should have used wolf link for the rerelease of twilight princess. or isaac from golden sun, or another nintendo game, not fe again
2	&lt;curtis&gt; various weather talking people are forecasting snow on the 24th to 27th. what do you think ? will we see...
2	but did you hear the black friday tracks from kendrick and cole.... bless baby jesus sandals..
2	as the 4th largest military in the world, saudi arabia needs to step up big time to dissolve isis gopdebate la06
2	uhm... the 9/11 hijackers sent their random girlfriends back to saudi arabia? buzzfeedandrew just found a column for tomorrow. gopdebate
2	curtis and puyallup all knotted up at 14 at the end of the 1st. battleofvikings
2	are you using your smart phone or tablet in the late evening? twilight may be a solution for you! r
2	we wish we may, we wish we might...check out the newest farmers market at twilight maynardsmarket tucson twilight
2	in the spirit (gees) of black economic empowerment (bee) we're starting a band, the "bee gees" our 1st single is called "i started a joke"!
2	kev_tee23 geezmariee fuck just take her to the compton swamp meet and may get lucky and run into kendrick
2	kim kardashian blasts kris jenner for encouraging khloe to be with lamar odom: in a new teaser for this sunday...
2	ajay devgan starrer 'baadshaho' to be released on republic day 2017 (26th jan 17) which directed by milan...
2	adilray hi adil how r you saw you last thursday on music awards on bbc 1 and today heard you on the breakfast show chris evans
2	from the archives... blog every day in may - star wars day
2	thebertshow i agree with bert. amy schumer may not be in as many nominated movie roles just bcause her base is comedy - gets less noms
2	indydee how about our "allies" in the middle east... like the 3rd richest military saudi arabia, or the united arab emirates et. al.
2	sonia, rahul gandhi may not seek bail in national herald case: sources -it is legal matter and law of the country is supreme
2	only us... milan,italy...feb 14 2017...saving the date.
2	why anti-terrorist coalition in saudi arabia may not be quite what it seems
2	kendrick sets the bar on that black friday shit got damn tde
2	did we all forget about kendrick's black friday track? lawwwd
2	every time i hear alright by kendrick i think it's j cole's black friday
2	star wars the force awakens: a story about kim kardashian and taylor swift vying for more air time. who will win? tune in on friday
2	people inviting me to do stuff tomorrow... do they not realise it's star wars day starwars theforceawakens ilovethesehashtagemojis
2	nice call, what else do you got? (clint barton: well, thor's taking on a squadron down on 6th.) and he didn't invite me.
2	i'm pretty sad that this is the first time i've heard black friday by kendrick and j.cole
2	just put twilight on then realised what had done and now i'm sat on my stairs thinking about my actions.
2	diversification is a good thing, but buying gold bullion to put in your ira may be taking it too far...
2	huangrebekah mkmknani rowdy_tt ljcambria the danger...stealth drone loaded with nuclear warhead. israel or saudi arabia 1st target?
2	milancutkovic milan , rates go into effect tomorrow , do you see nzdusd lower ? . ty
2	who's in milan in february? you won't want to miss this! milano2016
2	always tired. tomorrow (star wars day) is going to be a looooonnngg day.
2	i may be a bit slow on the uptake but i am sure david bowie sang "ground control to major tom"??? and not "captain tim"???
2	curtis set for second game in charge: caretaker boss alan curtis set for second game in charge of swansea as the search for garry mon...
2	dear dana white, do you know how you can make it up to calgary? cowboy vs mcgregor in march for the title (if donald wins)
2	woman can drive may change saudi arabia but not the cars lewat theeconomist.
2	3rd time watching twilight movies, still have the same feeling as the first time i watched it.
2	saudi arabia's oil-induced cash crunch may come quicker than you think
2	for the 1st time, women are elected into political office in saudi arabia. what does this mean? womeninpolitics
2	jjarnold34 aronde365 kendrick is going to outshine cole on this collab album tbh. he already did it on black friday.
2	gravity_fails you may be thinking of tara strong, who does twilight and bubbles
2	i only give kendrick his props because of his rapping style on black friday, his lyrical sense is there as well but it's cole or die for me
2	sampdoria-milan: the rossoneri squad: here is the squad of milan. ac milan face u.c. sampdoria on thursday eve...
2	saudi arabia supporting egypt via debt purchases rather than put dollars in local banks. probably the smarter move
2	official explanation of saudi arabia on syrian refugee crisis. may allah aid the rulers of the kingdom.
2	itsmekimshaw did you see the friday night lights spoof that amy schumer did? she had that glass, straight slurping chardonnay.
2	are you a force to be reckoned with? thurs., dec 17 is star wars day. batteries not included-some assembly required
2	aleexxis_ alexisalderetee he's making an album with kendrick and drake... it drops sometime in february
2	george harrison wrote here comes the sun in eric claptons garden like if this makes anyone else happy we need to be bestfriends
2	star wars day :d shame i can't see it until saturday rathe than today though :(
2	sonia, rahul gandhi may not seek bail in nationalheraldcase: sourcestoi. wow then he going jail and this is goldenday for all indians ;)
2	amp1618 gmac86 kanechrism any of you playing twilight commonwealthgc tomorrow night? i'll be there with jamesbull23 &amp; folks golow
2	goldglovetv vernnotice i'm playing dark souls tomorrow. what have you been doing tonight ya shit?
2	just found out kendrick lamar is having a concert friday and i have no idea where to get the tickets
2	don't miss the christmas soccer cup!bst vs nottingham university medics football club!friday 18/12 at 9pm, field forza e coraggio in milan!
2	why am i watching a changing diapers contest between kim kardashian and jimmy kimmel instead of studying for the exam i have tomorrow?
2	lindsaypereira hahaha may b this logic comes from rahul gandhi ( a joker on whom the world is laughing ) hahahah
2	december 12 - lady gaga and taylor kinney visited the restaurant "sadelle's" in new york city. lady gaga
2	hajj stampede 'beyond human control': saudi arabia's most senior cleric, the grand mufti, says thursday's stam..
2	lord sugar named best business role model in the uk + kim kardashian came 3rd as voted by students. was santa 2nd?
2	confusion clouds saudi arabia's anti-isil coalition: some key members of the 34-nation anti-isil coalition ann...
2	my last thursday of 2015 in milan..! see you tonight at 11clubroom!
2	chocobo_kid same reason you say 'thursday' even though you don't believe in thor.
2	_danmatthews_ would have been semis mate. mind you don't think i'd be too surprised if they are in milan in may now. watchthisspace
2	no kidding: saudi arabia's coalition against terrorists may not be what it seems
2	queenshaun_ i hear u she due the 4th or whenever milan feels like she's ready to make an appearance
2	katiepavlich lisadaftari does billclinton know about this? he may be moving to saudi arabia.
2	one hour to our thursday stream! let's try and beat the rotten in dark souls 2 this time! twitch
2	francescamain f-main, are you in the office tomorrow if i send over some curtis proofs c/o you, for you and a few colleagues?
2	kendrick lamar has braids and he's "cool" but i got laughed for having four str8 backs for 8th grade graduation???????????..
2	inter v lazio, inter club's big day out: milan - the league leaders are in action on sunday 20 december. manci...
2	forget that new film everyone's talking about this is released tomorrow: david bowie - lazarus (audio)
2	thurs 12/17: wanna watch big hero six with thor &amp; tanner today? thortheelf2015
2	who's the designated david bowie distributor tomorrow like? printingmoney
2	top gear to return in the spring, says chris evans chrisevans
2	y'all can't keep comparing jcole &amp; kendrick , that's like the moon &amp; the sun ...
2	is today star wars day or is tomorrow star wars day?
2	bacca scores and his milan side get the better of muriel's sampdoria, his 8th for the rossoneri. col. juniorfc.
2	may the feng shui be with these five star wars-themed household items: star wars day is a little strange, beca...
2	31 games played with inter and i sit in 5th, 4 points behind city rivals milan in my final cl spot. 2nd to last game i face them "away"...
2	diu pv tomorrow. if we don't see papa jotaro or have david bowie playing in the background i'll be a little salty
2	i can't wait for 3 more seconds of twilight town or that same hercules boss on the train.
2	un security council to meet friday on turkish troops in iraq: 11 letter to the 15-member security council, ira...
2	em is better at painting a picture with his words.and thats just my opinion..cuz ppl view kendrick's 1st album as a story..and i don't.
2	kim kardashian post-baby weight news: how she managed to lose 17 pounds only 10 days after ...: on monday nigh...
2	testimony from harvey skinner, working with refugees in milan, italy: on saturday 12/12 we went to a camp in the...
2	ben smith / smith (concussion) remains out of the lineup thursday, curtis nhl sj
2	_yogendrayadav : see the condition of congress, 4th pass sonia gandhi bar maid &amp; rahul gandhi are at top post of oldest party of country
2	i have no idea what i'm going to wear tomorrow lol. i should be like kim kardashian and wear like three different outfits lol.
2	rahul gandhi will have to take his birth certificate tomorrow to the magistrates court.... tough to prove not a minor swamy39
2	i had a dream milan hired mourinho and he got us our 8th champions league title. em...em....i think it's time to change this pillow.
2	christmas family twilight tomorrow from 4pm including our 'young brumbies' club. who will spot 'bernie the...
2	in saudi arabia and the grounds, but may not voice them in a sardonically bourgeois way. "my enlightened leadership has greatly
2	tomorrow is the fire test of judiciary &amp; govt institutions on 5000cr nh scam performed by sonia &amp; rahul gandhi swamy39
2	oil price not done crashing, saudi arabia may be broke in 5 years: reports cc: essamz what do you think of this?
2	they may as well start talking about kim kardashian's new camel coat...
2	just announced: milan, italy - dec 23 at blues jam: a lady day tale
2	if iran was ruled by "rational" anti-semites, it would turn to israel. see thetowerdotorg
2	all obstacles removed, iran is free to become a nuclear power: on tuesday, the international atomic energy...
2	bush campaign may have trump by the nuts - they have a new tv spot showing trump saying hillary best qualified to negotiate iran deals
2	star wars day at o2 centre: join us from 10am tomorrow for storytelling with princess leia at waterstoneso2
2	hold the applause for saudi arabia | hassan | columnists | opinion | toronto sun
2	it's free shipping friday! unless yer in saudi arabia, our 'eternal friend,' where it's public beheading friday! again. whoo hoo!
2	whether or not you agree with iran's fm, it's a good piece of writing. love "petro-fuelled perversion of islam".
2	after all the x-mas parties this weekend - don't forget to visit kendrick and sean - keith this sunday night at...
2	not a fan of tfi friday or chris evans, but alan partridge co-presenting makes it an absolute must watch.
2	tfifridaylive chris evans may just as well have a wank and be done with it.
2	iamsrk hello m from iran plssss ask srk , reply me &amp; just say hello farah plssss, meri dream ko real may badal do
2	me meeting lady gaga for the 1st time:
2	kim kardashian: star wars brought me &amp; kanye west together!: as you may have have heard, star wars: the forc...
2	milanistavici themilanbible all this people should not be in milan ether may be ds cuz he still had some time
2	check out the christmas trading times for the eagle farm markets! don't miss the twilight fresh market on wednesday!
2	kim kardashian makes post-baby debut in live stream chat: on thursday evening the 35-year-old keeping up with the kardashians star ga...
2	katy isd really sent out an email on friday saying it was okay for kids and teachers to dress up for "star wars day"
2	conflictni 18 dec 2015, the provisional ira still exists and it's political stooges in sfira are still controlled by the army council.....
2	it may be the right wing indo sf tds silent over adams's links to ira tax dodger
2	caraltaylor as promiscuous reader (lol) you might like my book "the persian paradox" available on amazon 1st woman potus, china, iran drama
2	me when i think of larry and the new year and the break but remember briana is due in february and babygate wont die
2	obama administration poised to lift sanctions even as iran flouts nuke deal with missile tests - washington times
2	babymonster101 ok so i guess they update it every ten mins so hold on it may not be stupid lol mtvstarof2015 lady gaga
2	"then, tomorrow was another day the morning found me miles away with still a million things to say now, when twilight dims the sky above"
2	let's play 'how much liquor can briana get her hands on at the family party before anyone notices' tomorrow.
2	iran is in the grip of a seven-year drought, and it may be the new normal
2	mtvstarof2015 lady gaga veterans' ptsd may recur down the line | via foxnewshealth |
2	iran "..has begun to pull back its forces and may be reducing its overall military involvement as the peace process"
2	saturday night fever (bee gees, you should be dancing) john travolta hd 1080 with lyrics
2	sonia and rahul gandhi will have to appear on the next date of hearing on feb 20 as well delhiconnect
2	coalition is necessary for the 1st time muslim stood up ag terrorsm wdout dependng on west.iran cant be bcz all ts there assets. drayesha4
2	briana is due to give birth on the 4th of january. it will be announced towards the end of february that louis is not the father.
2	jebbush michaelvdgalien yeah jeb and you fully support &amp; trust the germans. germany backs putin, iran &amp; assad.
2	1/2 just found my oped on the front page of iran daily (in persian). a good read for saturday morning. terrorism
2	kcrewdersther is thor's tipi at the xmas market outside m and s - get them moving ( think it serves beer so they may run )
2	oj simpson prepared to kill himself in kim kardashian's childhood bedroom in a new trailer released on thursday for the upcoming american
2	you gonna send me "black friday" kaofela "blaqjuicet: kendrick killed the 'tale of two cities' remix yong. straight up."
2	iran and the region in 2015 | the iran primer
2	walking around milan on a thursday night, stockexchange in milan. meditate on the hand
2	thekarami it may not b a matter of courage but the comparison does not apply the us is much more diverse in all manners compared 2 iran
2	twitter support safety you do realize chris evans' account has been hacked right?? or y'all sleeping off a friday night hangover or sth
2	sloover aidannolanmusic iran is a big difference. she may be more hawkish than sanders, but she isn't anti-negotiation like the rs
2	iran men march into final: in sunday's final, iran will meet kazakhstan, which defeated sri lanka 2-0 in the o...
2	iran, oman hold joint military friendship committee meeting: tehran (isna)- iran and oman held the 12th joint ...
2	iran terrorism iran expects oil to fall below $30: iran said on saturday that it expects o... islam tcot uhf
2	nepal nepalwomen iran men march into final: sri lanka, however, entered the women's fina... hinduism nepalese
2	it's the last regular sunday market before christmas (though there will of course be the ever-popular twilight...
2	somehow i've ended up watching all the twilight movies again. the first is entertaining, the 2nd super boring and the 3rd was just meh
2	to "show different aspects (of iran)" &amp; "leave the conflict at the level of the leaders and not between the people."
2	jeffwhite25 acrossthebay anshelpfeffer i hope us will fail. plus, once s-300 goes to iran, israel may up the ante in syria, new dynamics
2	juliabracadabra bernie's there like crossing his fingers that saudi arabia is going to wake up tomorrow and decide to take out isis
2	if i celebrate it wrong will thor beat me with his hammer?
2	thelizlincoln i know, right? i wanted to go today but mr. milan convinced me it would be too busy. maybe tuesday.
2	in the saudi arabia, uae, neighbors and much of northern africa, the weekend is friday &amp; saturday. the first work day of the week is sunday.
2	plus i missed the thespian christmas party and i'm missing kendrick lamar tomorrow lame
2	lana posing with lady gaga for another picture at the billboard women in music awards on friday, december 11th!
2	got bored, so i read twilight and now i want a vampire bf ugh it's 8th grade all over again :/
2	minuteman1776 saudi arabia &amp; many other foreign countries may want to debate ya on that one! lol
2	is anyone going to go see kendrick at day for night tomorrow?!?
2	bernie sanders is right: saudi arabia is more focused on the conflict in yemen than fighting isis via politifact
2	no disrespect to kendrick but march madness was the song of the year if not the greatest song of all time
2	turkey to pull troops from iraq: turkey announced saturday it would withdraw its troops from ira... ff: gospelgee
2	fab &amp; 50's tapes the only shit i been playing lately.. well add cole and kendrick's black friday too of course
2	cole dissed future on his black friday, kendrick dissed everyone on his. the collab album bout to be one big subliminal diss.
2	if she did the us may be at war with iran right now.
2	liammannix i'm getting the same. i heard that "thor" may have gone to canberra. not sure about the others.
2	hausofkiersten this may be creepy but you actually look at lot like lady gaga. i never got a good look at you but i saw one of ur selfies
2	timothycsimons cate blanchett being australian may have squashed this theory a bit. or thrown a caveat into the mix.
2	report: after heavy losses, iran withdrawing from syria -- and hezbollah fears it may lose
2	indians crash out in semis: sri lanka will meet kazakhstan in the final on sunday. earlier, iran men trounced ...
2	kim kardashian's maiden family outing with son: los angeles, dec 20 : reality tv star kim kardashian has stepp...
2	why is rahul gandhi smiling? c'mon the answer is simple. he is absolutely free to watch chota bheem now.
2	leaving bangkok tomorrow morning. next stop the middle of the empty quarter desert near saudi arabia.
2	starting tomorrow in all carrefour retail stores across saudi arabia, the first bahri promotion ever.
2	we milanisti rather read some news how things are finally going to change within milan.
2	mikeconnor999 owencallan no. but then neither of them were believed by everybody under the sun to be the head of the ira as well
2	tunisia: president essebsi to make an official visit to saudi arabia on dec 22 &amp; 23 tnpr
2	fact: this was 8th grade at 5:00pm ...i was as dramatic as kim kardashian when she had psoriasis..
2	briananews ok then why haven't we seen him with briana since may
2	ejmalrai heresay1 perhaps russia doesn't want to alienate israel&amp;its mafias, but then they may lose huge opportunities with iran in future
2	you can read the brand new online edition of india legal right here: also rahul gandhi view
2	the milan game motivated them or what...? -_- they started scoring after having not scored in 5 out of 7 games...
2	december 20. 1958 john lennon, paul mccartney and george harrison played together as the quarrymen at the wedding...
2	i'm not sure what rahul gandhi is trying to accomplish with all of this
2	lady gaga out and about in new york city (december 11th) -
2	for our sunday we have......we have the computer hooked up and i have a little time on it this morning. bee gees...
2	this monday 21st of december, 7:30 pm in jerusalem, the (unofficial) embassy of iran will be opened by a group of...
2	and the bellamilano winter sun shines with equal gusto on every thing milan, italy
2	milan will play bologna on the 6th of january when serie a resumes after the christmas break.
2	i suppose they may have just outsourced the production of lady gaga's underwear to the prc
2	ft: frosinone 2 ac milan 4 milan move 6th in the table while frosinone's struggle continue being 18th in the league. footballcomeshome
2	elzrocks it seems so. it would have been close had i gone to iran. back thursday. i'll go in the new year. would be brill
2	galliani: "boateng will be a milan player starting from january 4, suso will join genoa. honda? no problems, he is certainly staying."
2	lifeofsigh else you just end up in some horrible censorship whirlpool. then you may as well be saudi arabia.
2	how you going to be a cole account and put up the kendrick verse...?
2	cc someborry "chuks_dave: as odd as it may sound, i don't even know this kendrick lamar!"
2	well, sm years ago in milan stadium, showers of yellow lights for healing the grasp. may be just a coincidence but milan losed. hi.
2	recent google search: how to get clear skin without sacrificing the blood of a newborn babe at twilight under the 1st full moon of the year
2	cvivian24 hey curtis, could you please inbox me a quote about how nt hockey is doing so far for my nt sun story.thanx!
2	binstoybin hay jun and bin you know who i saw creepy twilight at my walmart today. i have one question who give a way twilight.
2	charlesfrith tony blair, as you well know, has d noticed many things... ..our great-grandchildren may or may not find out...
2	katjadfe i dont know if saudi arabia is a still 3rd world, we're in an awkward phase right now. it would be alright if it was secularist.
2	no! r u sure? i didnt even know milan is polluted . i thought all time is cleaned. to know i'm in la to take the sun .
2	inter ep 2 80% edited and rtc 10 100% edited for tomorrow! can now get cracking on some footage for ep 3 when its the milan derby!!
2	lady gaga - "applause" - empire of the sun remix my new single mtvstarof2015 lady gaga
2	breitbartnews get saudi arabia and israel out of the presidency and congress and we may have peace on earth f'n soros and adelson!
2	if kim kardashian and kris jenner were in freaky friday you know kris would absolutely not switch bodies back. she wants to be kim so badly.
2	when did briana get pregnant was it before july like 3 months earlier than july so does that mean she is due by now where's the baby
2	a message from lady gaga to the senate sept 16 2010 my new single mtvstarof2015 lady gaga
2	lady gaga on the set of 'american horror story: hotel' recording the 7th episode 'flicker'
2	don't forget the twilight farmers market tomorrow at sir william fry reserve.
2	international crisis group (icg), iran after the nuclear deal , 15 december 2015.
2	do the black friday verses from kendrick and cole count?
2	buenos aires, dec 11 (reuters) - argentina's new government will not appeal a court's decision to strike down a deal with iran over
2	ambassador: azerbaijan may join the islamic coalition: the country has received an offer from saudi arabia. /articles/politics/103758
2	how to play the okeechobee music festival in march with mumford &amp; sons, kendrick lamar, and more via sonicbids
2	for the holiday season, the gallery will close from 24 dec and reopen on 4 jan in london and 6 jan in milan
2	louis' having a baby with briana but then he's currently with danielle. i mean c'mon... he could have focus more with the baby by now.
2	also will be helping host the gameover basketball hs showcase sat jan 23rd. no coaches book. just come. featured game sshore vs curtis
2	so if briana (people mag july 14 2015 as preggers) got pregnant that day, then 9 mos is april 14 2016. so just how early did they announce?
2	saudi arabia said to weigh selling stakes in state-run entities: world leaders may have vowed to wean the worl...
2	shevchenko for me in his milan days. although i may be slightly biased as he's a personal friend. championsleague
2	businessinsider the state department may have rewarded a key player in the iran deal by lo... news lancehulsey
2	if my the vamps exclusive walmart album isn't ready for pick up today like it says i will riot! been waiting since dec 4 for it
2	.realbencarson tells nh crowd a 3rd grader could have done better when it comes to the iran nuclear deal nhpr fitn nhpolitics
2	kendrick lamar and the alabama shakes both have songs on the list but they're in the bottom 3rd. top 3rd? adele &amp; someone called "fetty wap"
2	joe silva and dana white should really consider matching overeem with werdum. reem may not deserve the shot, but that'll generate money.
2	r_harmon32 kingtilhas motm96 when haha ricky come through to the kendrick concert tomorrow!
2	iran, uzbekistan to increase direct flights: uzbekistan was the 28th leading importer of iranian non-oil goods...
2	mr_cain_thaler grahamdavida iran deal, climate deal, fast track, bush tax cut repeal just some 2nd term agenda items
2	politicalshort the others are good. worry about iran. on the other hand, muslims like to bomb their own. may be we in luck...
2	the anglos (both) had much hope in the rus. they are helpless now, as part of the iran deal assad must stay.. syria
2	abgardezi you really want to go there? he had a gr8 milan team from 03 to 06. he finished 1st, 2nd and 2nd to a team that was relegated 4..
2	luismparra17 im being dead ass lol kendrick nominated for 11 grammys most by any artist 2nd is taylor swift and the weeknd
2	iran says new u.s. visa rule may violate nuclear pact: a restriction on visa-free travel to the united ... world
2	kim kardashian's holiday gift to you? boobs, butt and ugly crying emojis: kim karashian may be the weirdest se...
2	kendrick murdered it no disrespect j cole wounded it
2	retiring well with michael reese: contributing to your roth ira: a show airing tuesday on 9&amp;10 can help you av...
2	50degreesam casumptious had my suspicions in july 88 iran air 655 was shot by down by uss vincess in the gulf
2	iran said on monday that israeli lobbying was behind a new measure passed by the u.s.
2	ant-semites unwittingly aiding israel: turkey's severing of ties helped israel get training it may need vs. iran
2	kieran_celtic jamesbradley_ so, which doesn't bode well for her profession.....she may not be going in and teaching ira lessons but i'm
2	our_nextlife around 11:45pm, but it never actually gets dark... just stays twilight for four hours until the sun comes back up.
2	if a book's tag-line is "better than twilight", the bar isn't set very high, so you may as well say the book is "mediocre".
2	found here comes the sun by george harrison with shazam, have a listen:
2	kim kardashian emoji crash apple store via theage dear santa, for xmas please may i have a ticket off the planet.
2	i may or may not have purchased the kim kardashian emojis.... idid
2	fresh off its own ballistic missile test, iran says the us violated the nuclear deal by... changing visa rules?
2	jamieworsfold hi jamie. the only twilight date left is january 1st. if you wish to visit on another day, you will need to buy a day ticket.
2	december 22, happy birthday robin + maurice gibbs of the bee gees.
2	when all humans have eventually died out and the next race of life inhabit the planet, david bowie will just be sat on his throne, laughing.
2	nirbhaya's parents meet rahul gandhi ahead of debate on juvenile bill in rs new delhi, dec 22 (uni) ahead of the...
2	np black friday by kendrick lamar is this the kendrick you wanted wyzeeque? soundcloud
2	adams says he accepts finding in 'slab' libel case against sunday times over his alleged role in ira, as the case was heard by a jury (1/2)
2	"precisely why iran was included on the list is unclear, since it is a foe of the islamic state"
2	guardian may as well call it the chris evans car show, it will be easier to avoid then
2	interesting perspective on saudi arabia's involvement in the rise and defeat of isis today in guardiannews
2	we made the last line of the st. louis post review of amy schumer's show. tues. &amp; wed. we are jazzstandardnyc solid!
2	for everyone freaked out about the iran &amp; ny dam story, robertmlee will be on the tube shortly to contextualize.
2	don't miss chvrches' special hometown show at thessehydro on april 2nd with support from the twilight sad!
2	super clubhouse $8.99 in the curtis restaurant tuesday. add soup for a buck
2	shybuya1976 no every satellite china n russia n iran and around the planets fly bye wire leading to the sun n burn up ur com asap
2	wednesday: twilight of the idols: see more posts by sabbath school lesson what was one of the great sins that ...
2	can i fund on type of ira while tapping another? for many people, it may be a good idea
2	luchadora41 rightsidenews in the end this may have lasted longer than iran deal
2	i'm not certain that the sun actually bothered rising today. we were encased in mirky twilight all day.
2	with the federal budget deal signed into law, people 70+ may be able to make large charitable gifts from an ira.
2	louis tomlinson may be expecting a baby with briana - but he's got a new girlfriend:
2	russia says ready to give iran planes, loan russia announced on tuesday that it is preparing to supply iran...
2	kim kardashian apologizes for breaking the internet (again) - kim kardashian may have actually broken the inter...
2	so, i'm going to israel tomorrow.
2	kaptainego anthonyden1 the un may recognise it israel doesn't therefore disputed its that simple
2	i don't fuck with kendrick like that at all, but he slayed this:
2	live for tuesday night. do you think the ira were heroes or zeros? irelandtalks4fm
2	quite interesting how fiorentina is in 2nd and down the table is the likes of juve and milan.
2	the israel antiquities authority turned to the public on tuesday in a facebook post in an attempt to understand...
2	senate dems: buyer's remorse yet on iran? 'cause when reagan signed 1st treaty with ussr it ended the cold war (not)
2	isis is mercenary contractor originally based in arizona.has nothing to do with israel except they may hire some
2	the only milan player carlos bacca among the other 8 serie a players in the list here
2	i'm still not over black friday with kendrick and j cole tbh
2	i just started busting out rapping to kendrick's black friday and sadie almost spit her water out
2	watching cate blanchett acceptance speeches with tmibugbee as one does on the tuesday before christmas
2	kendrick lamar may (or may not) have brought out the best (or worst) of me.
2	sankrant vishy173 china &amp; israel hv overturned. all transactions/edu in mandarin &amp; hebrew. eng is the 3rd lang after mandarin &amp; spanish.
2	it is said that israel has a submarine with nuclear icbms to retaliate in such a case.you'd have to netralize it 1st
2	iran ready to deal with oil at $30: iran said on tuesday that it had provided the required preparations to dea... /articles/iran/103822
2	curtis may remain swans boss until the new year as manager search goes on via sweveningpost
2	march no matter on which side of the aisle you sit, you stand with israel. -benjamin netanyahu, addressing us congress 2015starqoutes
2	brain cells, good ass intro, israel, the list continues
2	russia's putin discusses syrian crisis on phone with israel's pm
2	you may follow dynamic israel on israel tomorrow.blog my blog will open your eyes to the truth about this country. .
2	tomorrow the last day of work then i'm off for a week.. ima walk in there like kendrick on the vice city video
2	hillelneuer amnesty guardian when it's russia involved, it's "may". when israel is involved, it's "has". well done amnesty for simplicity
2	eddireader robbo_iain thesnp tasminasheikh c'mon guys 12 days is not that long when she's been in iran for part of the time.
2	marianhouk i'm glad he reneged on 4th group. israel got no credit for first 76 released and abbas didn't come to the table in good faith.
2	i exist in a twilight where the sun never rises nor sets, and the land is never overcome by light nor shadow.
2	iran "ibna - 12th book review festival held based on scientific principals" - [as about as dry as it gets?]
2	chaskelbennett in israel no one calls it terrorism, they call it wednesday.
2	the fact that i just read november 9 yesterday, and haven't listened to the vamps, 5sos, adele and
2	that they may see &amp; know, consider &amp; understand, that the hand of the lord has done this, the holy one of israel has created it. is. 41:20
2	kim kardashian emoji app tops apple charts despite low ratings: kim kardashian's bottom may have broken the in...
2	average attendance for serie a clubs so far this season. milan 5th with 34,338 [via siavoushf]
2	we look forward to edwardluttwak joining us in milan on 14 jan to talk about nato china and russia in the middleeast etfsconference
2	the most awkward holiday musical moments in television history: from lady gaga singing with the muppets to mar...
2	government keeps theresa may's 'murky' deal with saudi arabia a secret | politics | news | daily express
2	did you know david bowie's new album is coming out on january 8th, his *69th* birthday???
2	the speakers slides during the 4th iia forum in saudi arabia are available on below link: iia saudi
2	the early returns on the iran deal - clifford d. may; the washington times
2	oh for god's sake, don't tell me i'm going to have to start liking justin bieber...
2	my microwave wasn't working so i just played kendrick and coles black friday...
2	same for the us, uk, saudi arabia, etc... let's not forget any of them.
2	sorry by justin bieber has come on and i'm having flashbacks of screaming and stomping along to it with jakeisalive09 last wednesday
2	exodus 11:7 shall not a dog move his tongue against man or beast: that u may knw the lord do put a difference between the egyptians &amp; israel
2	according to briana's tumblr, that her mum confirmed was hers, she has admitted the pics on her ig aren't her, and the due date is feb. 03
2	the sun's back page story by apollo gees. trying to find him on twitter but having no luck, can anyone help? was he part of the bee gees?
2	tbeatleslyrics george harrison composed "here comes the sun" at eric clapton's house in surrey.
2	asherfeltman just asked bc i leave for israel tomorrow
2	amberpowerss6 v sun burnt &amp; felt the need to put justin bieber lyrics to it bc who doesn't want some jb in their lives
2	actress and comedian amy schumer shared an intimate portrait on monday that he would try a last-ditch appeal to new zealand's high court.
2	a few months ago, i was the 1st person on facebook to push this story of saudi arabia funding ivy league...
2	if it wasnt for scooter, may be there wont be purpose or worse there wont be a justin bieber anymore.
2	so im guessing j cole dropping an album with kendrick on february.. am i right? or no?
2	watch kim kardashian support kanye west while he auditions for 'american idol': kanye west may be one of the m...
2	follow the top justin bieber stories for dec 24 on our topical page:
2	'israel' appeared on wednesday 23 at the 17th place in the top20 of norway's trends: trndnl
2	mollydrader if you weren't going to be on a plane to israel, you'd be at my house watching this!!!
2	world should appreciate incredible restraint israel is showing in the face of repeated attacks against its citizens!
2	garwboy of course, you can always use the fact that today, thursday, thor's day, celebrates another religion, thus apostasy.
2	will justin bieber get xmas number 1? the nhs choir? that one off the x factor? find out 10am tomorrow with gregjames.
2	israel approves natural gas exports to egypt - jerusalem, dec 24 (reuters) - israel's government has given the ...
2	this shark on friday's twilight charter just wanted to say hello! sharkdiving gopro
2	my phone corrected you to thu so instead of "i believe in you" i said "i believe in thursday." thor would be happy with this news.
2	there is a place called shiraz in iran. the lack of wine may make santa sad when he reached it in 57 seconds.
2	me and my sister told my mum we didn't get justin bieber tickets, and i've wrapped them up, and tomorrow we're gonna act like she got them
2	johnthejack and tonight featured david bowie &amp; rightly so. think they may have remade original thesnowman &amp; he didn't feature.
2	iran says ready to export oil to mongolia: iran said on thursday that it is ready to export crude oil to mongo...
2	26-02-2016-parlament-election-in-iran- par la ment election in iran 2016-february-26 friday- parlament election wahlen down with dictator
2	not gonna lie i may or may not blare justin bieber in the jeep
2	justin bieber may have a number 1 single, but he still visits santa claus:
2	danhannanmep yep, saw it right here in israel against a clear eastern sky; to the west, sun was just above the horizon in a blazing sunset.
2	nickiminaj do u remember this?performing at the givenchy grtmilano17 party in milan, italy . (sept. 25th)
2	emastiffs liltwin94 christogenea there is nothing about thor, odin or druids in the bible. those are the gods white people worshipped 1st
2	steam: you may be interested in dark souls? me: no. s: dark souls 2? m: no. s: dark souls 2: scholar of the first sin? m: fuck it, why not.
2	believed thunder came from thor, and that the sun rotated the earth.
2	there's a frog here idk why and i was like kill it ew and my ancle said "you should kiss it, it may turn into justin bieber" i'm so pissed
2	kjv ot:ezekiel:ch 39: ... you, even a great sacrifice upon the mountains of israel, that ye may eat flesh, and drink blood.
2	monkeymagiceden my social studies teacher - not the one from 6th grade, but the one from 8th grade - told us disraeli discovered israel.
2	with respect, and i agree with so much you say ... we can't eg., change thursday to 4thday because thor didn't exist
2	'justin bieber' appeared on thursday 24 at the 6th place in the top20 of norway's trends: trndnl
2	sources say arab league sec-gen azzam pasha has asked arab governments to resume war with israel in support of egypt [25 dec 48]
2	keystrokes in the west may mean a death sentence in saudi arabia - new internationalist (blog)
2	asromaen hello, trying to clear something up because of flights: match against milan, is it at night on the 9th or at 3 on the 10th? tx
2	queen_ahlaaam as our cs team have explained the last shipping date for delivery to saudi arabia was december 3rd
2	listen to here comes the sun (live at madison square garden) by george harrison on applemusic.
2	wsjthinktank he'll be in iran as long as obama wants him to be there. o could bring him home tomorrow if he wanted.
2	maybe the ponies in ponyville have interesting things to talk about! c'mon, twilight, just try! spikebot
2	all the 3 indian workers (tortured in saudi) are reaching trivandrum from saudi arabia by flt fz 439 at 02.30 hrs on 26 dec 2015: meaindia
2	my dad just asked him to join him in february on a business trip to iran ... ummm what u think?
2	let this christ, this king of israel, come down now from the cross, that we may see and believe.
2	qatar should receive the same help from hezbollah that israel got from qatar in last gaza war.
2	check it out new post: see how much kim kardashian &amp; kanye west were offered for the 1st photos of their son saint
2	woodhousecurtis what about a wee boxing day tip curtis for the footy tomorrow spread the xmas spirit with a bit of bookie bashing by all
2	so nhs made xmas no 1 yet justin bieber is still in 2nd and 3rd place - but x factor winner's already out of the top 10?! timeshavechanged
2	kim kardashian wears cornrows to mom kris jenner's christmas eve bash: on thursday evening the 3... daily mail uk
2	lady gaga going to the jewelry store in new york city. (24 december)
2	jcolenc drop a song with kendrick for christmas and then just give us the album in feb
2	been asking for justin bieber to be under my tree since the 6th grade.... still waiting
2	never thought i would see "justin bieber" in the context of something positive
2	in february the movie 'zoo lander' is coming out and justin bieber is in it
2	glad he got to see his family; iran should be ashamed for unjustly imprisoning one of its citizens for this long.
2	fulfilled prophecies of the 20th &amp; 21st centuries america and israel via youtube
2	iran inks deal with neighbors to boost electricity cooperation: tehran, dec 25, irna -- tehran signed an agre...
2	the new season of american crime is based on that friday night lights amy schumer parody sketch?
2	i want to play fifa but i don't want to lose my 3rd place spot in serie a and let the people of milan down smh
2	hope cong leaders sonia, rahul gandhi march with flower bouquets to 7rcr pm modi 4 pak diplomatic coup. incindia officeofrg narendramodi
2	mcgithankfultogod - mal_1:11- the rising of the sun is not in israel..
2	musafirminakshi that's why it is called masterstroke or else it was known before rahul gandhi &amp; kejriwal would have sat on dhana to oppose
2	there is going hard and than there is kendrick in black friday.
2	december 26th, 2015: check out the article on justin bieber featured in our local newspaper, "kosmo" today!
2	"julienaticadiks: you can now listen new song cover of myjaps "love yourself" by: justin bieber heres the link~&gt;
2	jcoleaustralia keep hearing about cole being support to kendrick here in march, thoughts ?
2	this xmas i miss many, but most of all jason rezaian (again!) who spends his 523rd day and 2nd xmas jailed in iran freejason pressfreedom
2	i'm speaking at the forbes under30summit emea. 600 other young entrepreneurs are gathering april 3-7 in israel.
2	justin bieber to see what it's like to be famous
2	he may have visited pakistan to start a new company by declaring as pak citizen as that of rahul gandhi,as per the congress4farmers&amp;dalits.
2	may you hear the supplications of your servant and of your people israel, which they shall pray in this place. ii...
2	an afterglow may appear above the highest clouds in the hour of deepening twilight,
2	manturov: russia and iran may begin the payments in national currencies news russia
2	marcmalusis when ira makes a prediction always go with the opposite team. belichick will find a way to win..&amp; also my vikings sunday night
2	abu1916 earlofawesome darren_dazmav evertonmoaner trutherbotface jasbirb god deals with israel but do you love all yet -judge self 1st
2	cold saturday for the kingdom riyadh, saudi arabia
2	leket israel's 6th annual gala, "harvest for hope", is about to begin at avenue hall.
2	iran said sunday new us visa regulations for visitors from 38 mainly european countries but including iran flies in the face of tehran's
2	watch all the larries hating on briana praise the baby in february
2	"you may not talk to justin bieber unless spoken to" now hold on just a minute
2	takeaway en route and treating the other half to the 3rd film of the twilight set boxingday chiller
2	jijwan nancykric palestinetoday the security wall makes israel safer. 2nd intafada 1000 civilians killed. after wall 80% drop.
2	jb m&amp;g be like u may not touch justin bieber u may not look at justin bieber u may not be present in your photo with justin bieber you may
2	iamgeejei hi, i'm with ira of globe. our apologies. may i know if this is for dsl?
2	"you may not be allowed to speak to justin bieber, unless you're spoken to" what is this joke
2	hwarlow underwood's childhood fight with david bowie (jones) may have caused bowie's distinctive eye discolouration
2	i started watching a vine with a black and orange cat, so my cat sat on my face. thanks, twilight.
2	ukraine negotiates free trade agreements with turkey and israel: tass - economy - sat, 26 dec 2015 21:01:26 gm...
2	fully sat here debating if it's acceptable to download some justin bieber or not
2	israel: "no comment." (stick it where the sun doesn't shine)
2	justinbieber: black friday on itunes - $5.99 holiday album. under the mistletoe by justin bieber
2	these newly wed poor couples are then sent to a paid trip to iran, which is for " religious education". read the article 4 more info
2	i just played justin bieber at the dinner table and my family just sat there and accepted it and listened
2	still looking for one more person to take to justin bieber with me on july 12th please text me if you wanna come
2	justin bieber's songs are the only ones i'm not skipping on the spotify playlist i'm listening to. this may be a new low?
2	twilight_prower from there, the course of action was clear! why, he'd march right up to them and...be silent, since twilight insisted on-
2	when you're trying to make a justin bieber joke and cliobianca07 calls you out on your love of 5th harmony
2	george harrison's review of the sun: "it's all right."
2	all 3 of washington's td's have come at the expense of our linebackers. 1st ryans on reed, 2nd kendrick's on reed and 3rd 25 on alonzo
2	i may talk shit about twilight but you can bet your sweet ass i'll be reppin teamjacob all day
2	ask me after february 16...we'll see if coke drops this collab with kendrick
2	isis threats against israel: isis threats against israel. in a new video just released on dec 26, is leader al...
2	syria claims israel hit 7 hezbullah targets, hezbullah denies it, israel has no comment: it may have been anot...
2	thank 'g-d' trump delayed his visit to the 'temple mount.' it may have damaged "israel's" sterling reputation
2	it may be kejriwal n rahul gandhi feeling too cold that's y no new drama but they will make their come back soon
2	briana going to memphis tomorrow w/ bro ham which means i'm leaving too brooklyn lml i refuse to stay in boring as jersey by myself
2	i wish i could buy something but he doesn't ship to israel...
2	dear lord of israel, we humble ourselves this morning and come before you. may your hand deliver us from this...
2	peeing at the justin bieber 5sos 5th harmony beef, truly keeps my young
2	when i went to the justin bieber concert when i was in 6th grade floor tickets were $55 now they're like $500+
2	colorlesslegacy *he keenly feels the loss as thor moves away, soul aching at the rejection* if things have changed, they may yet change &gt;
2	ruth 2:12 may yahweh reward your work and may a full reward be given to you from yahweh, the god of israel, under whose wings y... bible
2	karwan e shair shohoda lunched by air vip pakage 1)iran iraq 22 jan with 3&amp;4 star hotel 2)urmra iran iraq contact: waqar kerblai 03084455248
2	damn rip to my great uncle george clayton johnson. 86 years. he wrote the 1st episode of star trek, twilight zone episodes and logan's run
2	your sunday morning song: david bowie singing to his new born: "we bought you a lot of things to keep you warm...
2	y'all keep a real close eye on israel i mean a real closr eye..may god be with us
2	balotelli will be back to playing for milan in the first game back after this break! jan 6th vs bologna! [corsport]
2	give orders to the children of israel to give you clean olive oil for the light, so that a light may be burning at all t...
2	he also picked justin bieber's baby but c'mon he's just a kid. ima let that slide. haha!
2	news tfi friday 'will not return as chris evans only has time for top gear': it's been claimed the show's r...
2	"i know [nicki m] was commissioned for the bbhmm remix back in june along w/ kendrick but i have no idea what progress has been made" anti
2	"metro_ents: is tfi friday cancelled because of chris evans' top gear? no: it's crap
2	netanyahu obama to deliver his last state of the union on jan 12: obama sees the iran nuclear ac... israel uhf
2	daily prayer for december 27 - praise be to the lord, the god of israel, because he has come to his people and ...
2	day 7th: saudi arabia, indonesia, poland, thailand, hungary. more $$$ for you today if you have traffic from there!
2	tfi friday doesn't look like it's coming back, as chris evans focuses on new-look top gear
2	skateboarding justin bieber skateboarding backstage at the billboard hot ... - rt retweet
2	solameanie if i may - strongly suggest it. the parallels of ancient israel, the assyrians &amp; america 9-11 are ominously striking
2	gatorcwboyfan locked in as usual heard curtis make the announcement. sunday mornings won't be the same without the fellas...
2	i am so confused by this david bowie musical. is it really done forever after jan 20th? or will it be back for a full run???
2	ritatornad chinmay_231082 look at the facts 1st &amp; then opn ur mouth. expose the real designs.ask urself why isis is not targetg israel??
2	psg's asking price for adrien rabiot is 13 million. milan have shown previous interest in the central midfielder. [the sun]
2	nowplaying queen - cool cat (2nd take with david bowie)
2	the gop loves israel and israelis and israelis would be happy about 1st jewish american president. bernie2016
2	leahmoloney so with you buy tickets for saturday to see flo you'll only see her and kendrick (i'm not sure but it's what i understood when
2	shell to pay $3bn debt to iran: iran's media said on 27 december that the anglo-dutch energy giant shell plans...
2	patrickcoffee nickchilds you may also be interested in this story about kim kardashian's _______
2	my belated christmas eve johnflemingblog - bras, a drag king, lesbians and the ira -
2	sought after: a small, desirable flat in the centre of milan: a tiny, 50-square-metre apartment on the 4th ...
2	sunday's with itchy ep 216 back in the saddle again. if all goes according to plan we'll be in israel by fuckcancer
2	i just want someone to call me tomorrow &amp; do that whole scene in twilight when she's asking how old edward is. my true friends will do this
2	worthiestofall perhaps even shared; he pitches his voice for thor's ears* a mortal may not be enough, but they do help. all writhing and &gt;
2	lady_of_war_sif ~ followed him up the golden staircase to their throne. he sat down with sif at his side. thor and jane standing on the ~
2	gulf markets surge ahead of saudi budget: gulf stock markets edged higher on sunday with saudi arabia rising i...
2	who will be the new top gear presenters to join chris evans in ... chrisevans
2	one time on december 21 2007 i made a post on a message board with david bowie's five years embedded in it. that's all we've got
2	nature day sunday coldweather vsco vscocam vscoedit vscoitaly milan italy milan, italy
2	in 2016 justin bieber's birthday is on a tuesday, the same day 22 years ago. march 1st 1994 on a tuesday.
2	12 other street artists from iran who you may not know. badgirlpripri huffpostarts bkstreetart
2	reallebanon10 i don't want war. i'm ready to sign a peace agreement tomorrow between lebanon and israel. but if lebanon will open a war &gt;&gt;
2	chrisbrown health islamic state fighters fled their last bastion in the center of ramadi sunday night as ira...
2	of course he supports israel-- may be crazy, but he's not stupid
2	israel vows to fight brazil's rejection of envoy pick: israel on sunday vowed it would push the appointment of...
2	when you bumpin black friday by kendrick lamar and she turns the music down to ask if you got some drake.
2	understated: the fact that george harrison woke up early enough to 2 see a sunrise just to write freakin "here comes the sun"
2	on wednesday its my birthday, and i'm gonna probably spend this day alone in my bed watching netflix, sad life videomtv2015 justin bieber
2	justin bieber, remember this when i show up to meet you, april 20th
2	what are you waiting for? placidodomingo coming to milan on mar 1, 4. tix still available!
2	oh no twilight's getting to me tonight, emotional sunday's in full swing
2	.tibertaig "maybe one day islamic nations will learn to leave israel and the usa alone." i wrote 24 august 2015:
2	tanstaaflaot vonhash funny! that pic,the red-hair girl &amp; back guy in my vid 1st in line.i shouted israel did 9/11
2	anyone be interested in a dark souls 2 scholar of the 1st son blind stream?
2	highkey considering going to the justin bieber concert in may dontjudgeme
2	israel warns ties may suffer if brasilia does not accept nominee dani dayan, a former head of the jewish settlement movement
2	listening to lady gaga makes me not want to go to work tomorrow
2	justin bieber's birthday is in march and so is mine. we're basically the same person.
2	fckatlouis altruismliam the 5th one is me aka israel
2	was going to play da but man i'm so fucking tired i may just go the fuck to bed. but twilight is up to 22k, yay ^_^
2	justin bieber performs 'what do you mean' w/ dan kanter on the zm online radio station in new zealand october 2 2015
2	if i have an extra ticket to see justin bieber in july...who's coming with?
2	overworked chris evans quits tfi friday on account of prime gear commitments amid claims the ...
2	we good day chris evans quits tfi friday due to top gear commitments
2	elizabeth olsen never dated tom hiddleston, it's actually chris evans chrisevans
2	saudi, turkey, us nervous as two sponsored "moderate" rebels against asad were eliminated? by the us&amp;israel method?
2	[real estate] saudi arabia to reveal 2016 budget on monday: three ministers &amp; the chief exec of the kingdom's ...
2	cspan guest sr.wh advisor valerie jarret from iran, talks 'bout bho admin's reformation of the criminal justice system at 1:55am. cst mon
2	i just hope the gazans will realize that israel is their friend and their gov't is their enemy!
2	why jason just said cole and kendrick dropping the album i'm february. he's like go listen to black friday, it's the last thing he says
2	feels like a weird twilight zone today... mid christmas and new year with a slap of monday on top. very odd
2	israel. this voluntary offering a community would hold your coat, you to the ocean, enjoying the church, may be more useful
2	wti crude at a premium to brent out to july. supply glut focus going global as iran gets ready to pump and dump
2	"the crisis b/w turkey &amp; russia may be the proximate cause for ankara for renewal of ties with israel" profbshaffer
2	swamy39 rahul gandhi back to his home. italy. may be the last time he goes before feb 20 hearing. next time jail for sure. congress
2	tony blair's labour may have seemed 'moderate' and but according to his former speechwriter, it was 'more revolutionary than anything
2	avinashckm friend i heard that rahul gandhi is interested in hiring prashanth kishore,may be he can try his luck by approaching congress.
2	reuters: iran will take reciprocal measures in response to any breach of this year's nuclear deal, the foreign ministry warned on monday
2	surgeon remove prostate cancer with robot: milan, december 28 - surgeons used a robot to excise a cancerous pr...
2	rome, milan clamp down on cars as smog smothers italy: cars were banished monday from the streets of milan whi...
2	based on all the tour groups i've encountered so far (including my own), i think i may be the only mainline protestant in israel.
2	we good day milan bans cars until wednesday to curb pollution
2	sanders:dnc responsibe for data breach little debbie's 1st alliegance is to israel, 2nd to hils &amp; the dem. party.
2	is it february yet? need the new j. cole album (with kendrick?).
2	peterhalsey not until it learns to love tony blair again. we may be sometime alas.
2	photo: the streets outside the central rail station in milan, italy, are seen free of vehic guardian via breaking
2	with daesh's warning, israel senses that the relative calm may be ebbing - jewish chronicle
2	republicans monday blasted secstate john kerry for suggesting that the obama admin could help iran bypass the new visa restrictions.
2	saudi security spending rises $5.3 bln in 2015 - minister: dubai, dec 28 (reuters) - saudi arabia increased it...
2	the politics of the turkish military presence near mosul | moshe dayan center | ta university | israel
2	japan and korea did it in 70 years. india and pakistan can do it too. and so can eventually, palestine and israel. may just take longer.
2	lol. iran produces oil for $1 / barrel. and the uk is going headlong into fracking . . . now. at this moment.
2	did you know that 'justin bieber' was trending topic on sunday 27 for 23 hours in norway? trndnl
2	robinpollard99 fountains of creativity, initiative, talents. what bds et al want to disrupt. turn israel into 2nd syria!
2	cate blanchett was channelling her hollywood style as she flew out to la with her family on monday wearing a fedora hat and over-sized
2	aajtak nitish kumar can't claim he has just become cm in nov 15 he is cm of bihar since last 10 yrs but this time with rjd &amp; rahul gandhi
2	who knows what he intended to do after returning. charlie hebdo may have changed his direction.
2	golddiggers,what makes my day is the reuniting of sonia mbele n menzi ngubane,bt i think israel will dump thuli for may,xes hot hy
2	allenwest i thought it may have been iran.
2	sd_brown33 badass_abe washingtonpost wesleylowery police 1st job is to protect the public not themselves! they would never lie... iran?
2	vinyl version of david bowie's "bowie at the beeb" box set due out in february
2	hirezkelly chaac, anhur, athena, thor, sun wukong, bellona (cuz she has a flag)
2	"then what was said through the prophet jeremiah was fulfilled" (ein karem, israel 07 october 2015)
2	saudi arabia hikes petrol prices by 40% at the pump: waec releases nov/dec 2015 gce result, 48% pass recorded ...
2	you missed the part where saudi arabia stated price hike is keeping in line with international energy prices, right?
2	the iran deal is working. you were wrong. deal with it.
2	heythatsfabio rhod_tylon modd25 justin bieber may have had the better album but talent wise his got nothing on chris.
2	literally sat all day playing sims n listening to justin bieber
2	27 december 1997- just hours after billy wrights death, the lvf retaliate by killing ex ira prisoner seamus dillon
2	prime minister narendra modi on monday said india attaches high importance to its relations with iran and expressed keenness to furth...
2	terryfoster971 roads are straight ass. may be better further east, i'm out in milan tonight.
2	iran may want to wipe israel off the map &amp; isis may think palestine will be the jews graveyard, but god has a much different point of view!
2	kim kardashian shows off her post-baby body as she exposes her bra in a sheer: on monday the 35-year-old keepi...
2	rt_com why iran pursuing nuclear? they sit on 4th largest oil reserve in world. has all the power it needs. unless its just about the bomb
2	showing he's different, berniesanders "called for a coalition involving saudi arabia and qatar..."
2	commodities tomorrow: low oil prices hits saudi arabia hard: cnbc's jackie deangelis discusses the day's activ...
2	israel interest rate the bank of israel kept the benchmark interest rate on hold at 0.1 percent at its december 28th 2015 meeting
2	curtis and perkins going well in tandem for the aucklandhearts. 121/1 in the 22nd. chasing the hinds' 228. ^bm
2	ankara, dec 28 (reuters) - turkey sees no normalisation in ties with israel unless its conditions for ending the gaza blockade and
2	lisa_m_228 3rd attempt. do you think the lpc holds the same view as you do regarding israel? is that a difficult question for you?
2	obviously kendrick, sorry frank "the disappearing act" ocean
2	my playlist is going from bryson tiller to justin bieber to august alsina lmao
2	(breitbart) breitbart news daily: iran, china, cyberwarfare : on the december 29..
2	stuartpstevens nytopinion c'mon stuart, that's a straw man. we are not at war with iran no matter how much the neocons want it.
2	effective tomorrow: are the good times over for saudi arabia?
2	i may be late on this, but the qb for denver looks like the dude from twilight.
2	imagine an alternate universe where stephenie meyer got really into bl and the 4th twilight book ended with edward and jacob making out.
2	me: "justin bieber is gonna be in that 2nd zoolander movie but only for a quick scene cause he dies" dad: "good" lianalorusso
2	saudi arabia said monday it was raising petrol prices by more than 50 percent for some products from tuesday as...
2	israel made some individual deportations. be that as it may, 2 facts hold: 1.eritreans struggle to get in. jew4peace
2	five years before leaving the planet sun ra premiered a tone poem 'new york town' featuring sections like 'twilight in central park'.
2	jump in the cage! would you turn your back on a shark for a selfie? this was on sunday's twilight tour sharkdiving
2	shim_rational thx for the fol back. may god someday condemn those who mean to harm israel, his chosen people. god bless your warrior spirit
2	justin bieber in anguilla. (december 28) (justin and hailey just friends. our justin alone)
2	does it really take justin bieber to remind us how great our nhs is? sigh....(thanks justin.)
2	timesofindia bjprajnathsingh world may acknowledge, except the congress and shriman. rahul gandhi.
2	asia shares gain despite oil worries: asian shares rose on tuesday despite another fall in oil prices after iran said it planned to i...
2	mumbai times india seeks enhanced economic ties with iran: sushma swaraj: new delhi, dec 29 : exte... mumbaitimes
2	to combat the thick smog enveloping parts of italy, milan has imposed a 3 day ban on private vehicles from this monday through wednes...
2	all of the enriched uranium in iran under the joint comprehensive plan of action, accepted on july 14 in vienna...
2	after others are partitioned, it may well be the turn of saudi arabia, for which turkey is likely to be used as counterweight.
2	oh look, iran is actually complying with the nuclear treaty agreement; tcot
2	curtis wants swansea to break the mould in manager search: the swans are currently languishing in 17th place i...
2	dahil may adidas sam smith na... sino na susunod? bruno mars? justin bieber? lololol..gusto ko nun and i know im not the only one!
2	tom_peters phillip12953308 paul_surridge then read the truth about churchill bearing in mind that tony blair may be a "hero" in 2115 .
2	in the fog, somewhere near milan... iphone train milano landscapes winter trees fog silhouette sun
2	mixtrixfix hey hey hey... my vagina is pretty fucking special! mine bedazzled and shit... it sparkles like a twilight vampire in the sun!
2	cruz to kill iran nuclear deal, move embassy to jerusalem on 1st day as president thetxembassy stonewall_77 _cfj_
2	iran is about to start selling oil that may cost just $1 a barrel - read at business insider: nice
2	shaquillehoneal from what i think you're asking, in no order. future, drake, thug, cole, kendrick and tiller a close 6th
2	hours before he arrived in saudi arabia on tuesday, turkish president recep tayyip erdogan accused syria's president of "mercilessly"...
2	michael jackson: bad 25th anniversary edition (picture vinyl): this unique picture disc vinyl includes the original 1
2	the weeknd is the closest thing we may get to michael jackson for a long time...especially since he damn near mimics everything
2	all of you people who're saying the weekend is the next michael jackson, go to sleep, you got school tomorrow.
2	i just may be actually done with this award show.. unless they get michael jackson on hologram.
2	juliaanapp you may say oh it is august 29 liam from one direction's birthday but no it's also michael jackson birthday
2	np michael jackson - human nature on brunchintheciti w/ oskwame tunein 5th of 7 tracks from the thriller album
2	pearsey you got that from his website. my brothers mate at school once said his 2nd cousin was michael jackson. a similar tale to this...
2	pearsey i actually believed that his 2nd cousin was michael jackson. gutted when i found out he wasn't - i was 26 by then...
2	very sad news dr. wayne dyer passes away - ever the vanguard for michael jackson - may god grant him peace.
2	mom: "i say 23 because your birthday is on the 23rd" me: no you say it because mj mom: michael jackson? me: did he play ball too? mom: oh.
2	it is too hot. i was waking around campus w my big black umbrella just 2 shade myself from the sun. i think i'm michael jackson or something
2	"83 minutes", major new book on the amazing life &amp; tragic death of michael jackson released on sept 10. mjjcommunity mjjlegion mjsunifc
2	on this day (september 03, 2009), michael jackson was buried at his final resting place - the...
2	michael jackson may have had thriller, but the fat boys had freddy krueger.
2	off the wall by michael jackson was no.12 in the uk album charts on 6 september 1980
2	3rd: the weeknd sounds just like michael jackson
2	lqldailyquestion which actress died aged 62 on the same day as michael jackson, june 25th 2009?
2	van halen and ll cool j talk about michael jackson (lmj may 3rd 2013) via youtube
2	i spent all weekend in the sun, and i'm still paler than the ghost of michael jackson. whitepeopleproblems
2	yg puts ikon as 2nd bigbang, and bi as gd = the next michael jackson is justin bieber. ygent_official are you patrick star?
2	not sure what it was like seeing michael jackson outdoors, but its gotta be similar to future's set on sunday
2	eve has 2 different styles; jared leto or michael jackson... what will it be tomorrow ? stay tuned to find out
2	for icc i cud jst sing along the 1st time i heard it but dumb dumb i jst remember alotta highnotes dumb x6 and sumthing michael jackson
2	see tika sumpter as michelle obama in 'southside with you' photo: annie martinlos angeles, july 15 (up... tscent
2	a: i'd gladly have somebody else pay you next tuesday for a vegan burger today q: what would michelle obama say if she were wimpy fredwimpy
2	smh mayor in washington st. makes racist remarks about pbo &amp; 1st lady michelle obama; refuses to resign via dailykos
2	harvard educated first lady michelle obama reminded attendees of a naturalization ceremony wednesday that the...
2	first lady michelle obama gave a passionate keynote address at the first white house tribal youth gathering in washington on thursday.
2	e! news terrence jenkins w/moderate keynote with first lady michelle obama on july 23rd, 8am. for the 2015 beating the odds summit.
2	i will never look at michelle obama the same way. my sides will be sore tomorrow... worth breaking the internet for! amyschumer
2	the only time michelle obama would lower the flags on her property is if they were blocking the sun while she was sunbathing. chattanooga
2	2 mn college bound teens will be at the white house today with 1st lady michelle obama. how they scored this life changing invite at 6 kstp
2	michelle obama complains about not being paid, watch laura bush set her straight - mooch!
2	have you seen the first lady? michelle obama may still be in the coachella valley tdscolinatagi via mydesert
2	i'm more concerned about barack getting his 3rd term wish through michelle obama than i am uncle joe. just saying.
2	s/o to the people going back to school tomorrow and have to eat michelle obama's nutritious school lunches. mmm
2	today: a 4th grader was saying how she wrote to michelle obama &amp; my 5 year old responded that he wrote to the bears of yosemite. andhedid
2	talk about running the world.&amp;160; michelle obama sat down with rapper wale on friday to answer questions and promote her reach higher
2	boy, did michelle obama look miserable dehelicoptering in martha's vineyard. what's the 1st missus got to gripe about? not feelin' the love?
2	spareribbetje walrus, die word bereden door michelle obama in de opkomende zon met tekst "i wish i was that walrus, cuz the sun is pretty"
2	father you still got the michelle obama shirt ?
2	adorable_dime you may be right. you also forgot about michelle obama and rihanna on the cover..all granted interviews
2	leokikilady89 chile did you read about michelle obama this lady is the 1st wife educated with a ton of degrees and said she wishes she was
2	during thursday night's edition of jimmy kimmel live, the abc comedian helped first lady michelle obama make a...
2	i was challenged to post three things about myself that you may not know... 1. michelle obama was not the first...
2	michelle obama look- a-like - "people always tell me i look like u.s.a 1st lady michelle obama. i do not see the...
2	if kanye really did run for president michelle obama would still be the baddest 1st lady ever
2	food giants call a truce w/ michelle obama, politico reports (tho some wld say the 1st lady raised a white flag)
2	i dm'd michelle obama. i'm going to erase it tomorrow if she doesn't respond
2	michelle obama's waiting in the master bedroom chelsea clinton's waiting in the lincoln bedroom which room 1st sadieisonfire realfitfinlay
2	a good read about what's happening to minecraft in schools...
2	taisling prendeville was on about violent videogames on monday, even minecraft is bad apparently... how long you about for?
2	what do you guys wanna see me stream tomorrow? minecraft or destiny?
2	between watching a friend play minecraft at monday's park day + discovering stampy cat videos, 7yo may actually be getting into minecraft
2	let me know which games u want me to stream? kz sf, cod ghosts or aw, i am bread, minecraft, devil may cry, dcuo, warframe? playstation
2	sorry bout the stream last night i crashed out but will be on tonight for sure. then back to minecraft in pc tomorrow night.
2	no stream tonight guys and girls! minecraft will be tomorrow!
2	penicuik house rises from ashes in minecraft: to mark the 25th national doors open day, the scottish civic tru...
2	anyone else getting matched 3rd party content on old minecraft videos recently? when you play back the spot they claim theres no music?
2	sorry for the lack of minecraft my computer is broke so i can't play it on pc. may try to record xbox 360 minecraft till i get a new one.
2	the creator of minecraft may have been unhappy before all of the money and fame.it might be in his dna.
2	any of you will to watch minecraft and have half-life on friday? cause that's the only game that's ready to stream that i am willing to play
2	was taking so long to find a cat in the minecraft jungle that i may have set it on fire a little in anger.
2	well, i dropped the ball... got a ps4, haven't made any videos between minecraft and bloodborne. tomorrow i'll post two to make up for it!
2	monsanto is trying to make it illegal for you to know what's in your food. they vote tomorrow in the house....
2	basel (reuters) - u.s. seed company monsanto on thursday renewed its efforts to woo syngenta ag after the swis...
2	lastweektonight please please cover hr1599 on sunday! i want to see iamjohnoliver take on monsanto!!
2	thalsey51 edwinrowe dcclothesline monsanto may be evil as it controls the seeds and pesticides. but that doesn't mean gmo is bad
2	this is not being shared with you by the mainstream press - it is coming to you from march against monsanto...
2	monsanto (mon), the world's biggest seed company hostile bid for rival syngenta ag (syt)!
2	people who want to eat healthy, clean food should have the right to do so. our government and monsanto may have...
2	deadline aug 5 fight the dark act and monsanto
2	interesting agriculture ip news: monsanto's 1st genenration gmo crop patents are expiring in the us &gt;techreview
2	it may be true that monsanto is terrible at pr, but believe it or not, it's not an evil company. feedthe9
2	chuckp the vietnamese are the ultimate realists / survivalists: 1st monsanto and now nestle. comingfullcircle
2	about time this was banned, along with monsanto itself!
2	monsanto wants to merge with syngenta and change name to wash away the bad reputation (3rd most disliked company!):
2	i'll move the cigarette companies and monsanto to a special place near the sun. whyiwouldmakeagreatpresident
2	gmos and food labeling video source: march against monsanto consumers have a right to know what's going on in our...
2	one by one, may all states wake up to the evil that monsanto is and may justice prevails!
2	too funny! // monsanto 2 begin spraying cities w/ chemical designed to make people not hate monsanto via urbananomie
2	harper supporters: you need to get info from other than sun, corus, fox, cnn, monsanto, tarsands and republicans! duffy senior retirement
2	antonioregalado antonio, do you have time to talk on monday about monsanto's new spray? for greenhouse -- a show on shiftmsnbc
2	monsanto, bp and veolia agree to pay for cleanup of welsh site they contaminated with toxic waste five decades later.
2	huffpostpol that may be so, but some of us worry about hillary's love of wall street and monsanto.
2	good luck and may the gmo gods (monsanto) correct you to the path of truth. ;) samonsanto
2	statements to the united states of monsanto) a us citizen of israel, acceptance of censorship. too bad that hagel won't admit it. 13 october
2	alross111 robbfraley theophrastus (371-287 bc) wrote about cabbage. will read more to see who may have written about monsanto.
2	a snapshot of monsanto's share price vs. s&amp;p 500 for the last 6 months. mon down almost 15% over 52 weeks. s&amp;p 500 up
2	stop the tppa &amp; you will kill monsanto at the same time
2	should have the first in a series of videos critiquing protest at a march against monsanto protest up tonight.
2	fact checking the london march against monsanto protesters... via youtube
2	live stream: monsanto scientist dr. frederick j. perlak saturday 11am (pst) gmo gmos dr. perlak led the...
2	scicurious andzsy join the club. 1st mbeisen. now you. looks like monsanto has every single scientist on payroll
2	monsanto may be about to buy syngenta. lukerunyon reported on why that's important
2	monsanto's $47 billion bid to buy swiss rival syngenta has fallen through, the u.s. company said on wednesday.
2	$syt: syngenta comments on monsanto (mon) announcement, confirms revised proposal, which it rejected saying it...
2	you may have heard that monsanto and their proponents are trying to defend the herbicide glyphosate (active...
2	"monsanto will be replacing their carcinogenic herbicide roundup with another dangerous substance known as dicamba"
2	monsanto's roundup herbicide disrupts hormones - even with glyphosate exposures below ... -
2	fuuuuuuuuck. i'm nervous about talking to monsanto bosses tomorrow. i have to report to a room of scientists.
2	the age of monsanto is over! tami monroe canal, the founder of march against monsanto talks about the end of...
2	bwahahaha what's going on with march against monsanto lately? they claim to know their "research" yet have...
2	interesting post on "the inside" of monsanto and it's controversy: gmo farminglife educateyourself
2	monsanto spokesperson will be at the national press club in canberra on wednesday at 12 pm, post melbouirne...
2	we are ranked 42. in life expediencies when monsanto is in the top 5 with the most life expectancy
2	i just want to sleep and watch netflix until friday for bulldog bash... is that so much to ask for?
2	"curvedforever: i don't want a girl that parties all the time..gimme the one who's down to watch netflix and order pizza on a friday night"
2	commitment issues, me? nah, i just finished vampire diaries on netflix...for the 2nd time.
2	i need to find a movie to watch . the only time i actually watch tv is on sunday's and monday's other then that it's either hulu or netflix
2	_ambermarieee and the 6th season is playing on tv right now? they needa put the 5th on netflix already lol!
2	amber_raynexxx a sad but true story ms. it's also part of the reason i cut myself off chicas under 25. but c'mon i luv netflix and chillin
2	i start school tomorrow and it's almost midnight and i'm still watching netflix
2	hulu if you don't support a 5th season of metalocalypse i will be forced to give my entire 2.6 billion dollar fortune to netflix.
2	tomorrow morning is going to come really fast for class but yet i'm still watching netflix because college
2	half_black_zach it may just need to happen. i'll bring my netflix and all. start a trend noshame
2	netflix addiction problems: it's midnight, i have to get up early tomorrow, and i want to watch everything. notenoughhoursinaday
2	dear white people is on netflix. i'll have to watch it tomorrow after school
2	i'm not doing nothing tomorrow, just gonna sit at home and watch grey's anatomy on netflix.
2	when you're 33, sitting at home watching netflix by yourself, can it still be considered going up on a tuesday?
2	everyone on insta: i'm going to miss hanging w/ friends &amp; sun me: im going to miss watching netflix all day
2	correction... thesuicidetheory will be available on netflix tomorrow (u.s.). check it out and follow tstfilm
2	netflixuk cancelled my netflix in june but it has taken 2 payments out. who do i contact about this?
2	i just spent like 45 minutes looking for something to watch on netflix, hulu, and amazon prime and settled on the 1st power rangers movie
2	foxtel is arguing for media reform because netflix could buy the rights to the melbourne cup...seriously
2	so i have the whole afternoon off college and i'm sat in bed watching netflix alone
2	not so jazzed about the newest selections coming to netflix. god, i may actually have to leave the house and do things.
2	want to win random daily giveaway 7 september 3, 2015 prize: $25 nike e-g? i just entered to win and you can too.
2	should i be fine af tomorrow for school or just wear nike shorts like the norm
2	_ndp after nike, adidas, jordan and ua i think you put peak at 5th. but your right they need to be careful can't afford to slip up.
2	nikestore what time will the anthracite 9s drop tomorrow on nike
2	bus stops = a face full of nike air max and ellesse jumpers. calm your self, the benefits've got to last till monday. chavbants
2	nike debuts air jordan vi retro golf shoe: the golf industry may be in the sales bunker but nike hopes amateur...
2	start my new job saturday thank god that come in fast cause nike was way too unorganized for me i wasn't fucking with it.
2	nike running app tells me i have a 6mi run tomorrow like really guys it's friday night
2	sold out osu nike week zero v6 amp available. men's size 10 for $230. local pickup in the buckeye city. available before monday's game.
2	shit nike joints be 35/40, u may as well do it lol
2	"you don't win silver you lose gold."nike advert at 1996 atlanta olympics . . .c'mon,let's go for gold!
2	nike employee's: if anyone want to work tomorrow at 5am call!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
2	dvatw helenketting very destitute with their i phones sat nav an nike tops ! some were in internet cafes in hungary just had to check in
2	on tuesday i will be wearing double nike socks with leather sandals
2	nike has been talking about going "sweatshop free" since the 90's and it still hasn't happened. c'mon now.
2	everyone will play tomorrow at millstone against west. wear either of your new nike polos from this season with black shorts/skorts.
2	kanye shoulda toughed it out with nike just a lil bit longer
2	nikestore will i be able to pick up at the nike store on 5th or is it just online only?
2	... but don't worry, i'll just take a nice 3 hour nap in the nike lounge at the rpac tomorrow cause that's basically all i do at school
2	can't wait to see how much nike the freshmen wear tomorrow
2	i want to be ultimatenikefan bt don't hav any nike product.hope dey will send me some products.so,that i may fall i love with nike myntra
2	seriously can things just go right in my day?! turns out the nike run is tomorrow
2	belleionaire tomorrow is the last day. trying to decide if i wanna go on this nike run or go to that.....
2	well it's about damn time nike
2	nike trying to change the online game
2	tried to order a nike case for my phone &amp; that shit said expected shipping october 2nd nah nvm lmfao i'll get the charger case instead
2	nikestore will u guys be giving out tickets for the nike flyknit racer 2.0 that's coming out on friday 9/11/2015?
2	so tomorrow is picture day but idc so i'm just going to pretend likei forgot and go in nike shorts. whoopse.
2	i might wear my nike slides tomorrow just for that tweet
2	andthatshowtheriotstarted nike invents the ultimate inner city shoe. then only has 5 pairs made for black friday. go gettem!
2	serena williams is also with nike. they may pay her less for winning because she wins all the time - ( source: 2paragraphs)
2	in light of the recent nike drawing announcement for online orders we will keep flyknit orders for now and refund if needed come friday.
2	nikelambobots is it true that nike pushed back ovo release till october 3rd?
2	diego sat down and talks about van life, toy machine, and his new role as nike team dude back in argentina.
2	on august 29th 2014 nintendo announced the new 3ds and 3ds xl. a year later the us is finally getting the smaller model.
2	ksizzlenj i'm down for that obviously, but does nintendo want that? the world may never know
2	i might actually jump through the nintendo monetization hoops. they'll get ad revenue from it either way. may as well claim some of it :p
2	if youkblow hard enough on an old nintendo cartridge, mar.o will apjeae and give you three extra lives.
2	xmas deal alert original nintendo game boy console with 4 games + mad catz car charger: $39.99end date: thurs...
2	nintendo nes system console with super mario &amp; duck hunt.: $85.00end date: thursday oct-1-2015 1... retrogaming
2	man c'mon nintendo we could get a mega man helmet in splatoon with the amiibo just do it
2	alison_prime disregarding that...i mean, c'mon. seriously... nintendo. japan. in the 80s. you really think they went that route?
2	bendilin thefrenchcritic with nintendo's policy on their flagship exclusives? there are better odds of the sun going supernova in 10 secs.
2	xbox what do you think happened with nintendo 3rd party?
2	nintendo snes bundle with 6 games + super gameboy: $89.99end date: friday oct-2-2015 22:27:11 pd... retrogaming
2	new amiibo wave rumored to include luis ramirez (marine) and bryyus the first, nintendo direct scheduled for tomorrow
2	hmkilla i think nintendo may have scraped zelda wii u completely if they haven't brought out any new info on it that's what i think
2	nintendo snes console with star fox: $65.00end date: monday sep-14-2015 3:33:29 pdtbuy it now fo... retrogaming
2	find us right here tomorrow for logtournament with kissfmuk and nintendo "pew pew"
2	spacekatgal kadybat and if nintendo came out and said "nope, we declare she is a cis woman" while that may make it "official canon"...
2	i just read a rumor that the nintendo nx may not have an optical drive, and i'm just like, "are you trying to fail now, nintendo?"
2	jrconway3 bitnerdgx sure, it may not be in a direct sense. but nintendo gives gx the support by sending them coverage and press releases.
2	i admit nintendo may have gone a bit overboard with the whole "lets give all the popular youtubers a copy of super mario maker" thing
2	this may be the weirdest thing nintendo's ever made.
2	xchadillacx it comes out nov 13 if it does come out. nintendo is notorious for rumors trust me ha
2	saturday must be flea market day because everybody's out its too crowded for me tho, wonder if i can find mike tyson punch out for nintendo
2	i dont know is that the nintendo direct tomorrow is probably when were going to get right
2	that's the 1st nintendo franchise that landed on android that i saw, and with a puzzle game no less.
2	honestly, lack of 3rd party support should have been expected. its not the company's fault for not siding with nintendo
2	zeroshearer zhugeex again an improvement. i don't like barely any nintendo first party exclusives. it's all about 3rd party on all systems
2	therealrtu but then i suppose the 3rd party ports suffer ,maybe nintendo will use nvidia for there gfx chip... lol
2	16kts flareonys nintendo needs some more 3rd party reps, but at the same time that's what makes them pure.
2	ahrianarchy it was always a good thing but seems to scare off 3rd party devs, so nintendo need to take the risks themselves but don't &gt;
2	trivia&gt; nintendo - episode 137: play the game existence until the end:tomorrow never knows which games &gt;&gt; nintendo
2	kirbybulborb yes! but it's odd.. the meeting with shigeru was in july but nintendo give them clarification to announce it now.. pikmin 4-
2	zantofdarkness don't forget, nintendo was supposed to have 3rd party support for the wiiu launch. still dumb they didn't have a backup plan
2	leafycam valhalla_nights nintendo should just pack it up and go 3rd party if its not at least 4.
2	why? i really hope nintendo pays attention to it. but i do apologize in advance cause it's going to be annoying and i may loose followers
2	cookingterm 3rd party logic dictates: "that if it makes too much sense and a nintendo platform is involved, it's simply not worth it!"
2	unless apple also announces they've acquired nintendo, i've got no fucks to give about any console ambitions they may have
2	stealth___ i don't even know where it came from, aside from metro randomly saying "nintendo are doing ios so may be there"
2	hahahahahahahah no but it may be a threat to nintendo ;p
2	nintendo may consider removing region locking with next console - game politics io9.com
2	nokia may be helpful until microsoft - management analysts have faith that the reason for nonexistence of...
2	replacing the screen on the nokia 1020 went.... badly. luckily new phone arrives tomorrow!
2	annkur i keep 2 cells. 2nd one is the lovely katbonn k9. available for under 1.5k. value for money. feels like old nokia. solid battery.
2	chasehauck also kids and cell phones.saw a 3rd grader w/ their own phone the other day. my kid is starting off like me. with a nokia brick
2	jo32168 i think you can no longer sync to your symbian device, as nokia account have ceased to exist on the 24th of april iirc
2	thegadgetshow helsinki (reuters) - microsoft corp on friday confirmed it will close nokia oyj's form... gadgets
2	microsoft cuts 2300 nokia jobs in finland: microsoft on friday confirmed it will close a nokia handset product...
2	it looks like nokia may be positioning for a strong return to the mobile hardware market following a license with...
2	geekyranjit i finally got moto g 3rd gen but its camera is not good as my nokia lumia 720 is there something wrong in the unit which i got
2	narvirh may as well just have a nokia brick
2	back in the day, we used to put our nokia 3310 batteries in the sun and they wud charge just fine! today's phones are dumber than ever!
2	nokia n97 small fry - do the trick each and every devil-may-care in there with equal exclusive chromesthesia: wavuvw
2	nokia n97 runt - bumper crop the whole exhilarated not to mention substantial wed exchange: wspjek
2	fatihevran_ your sim is active, may we know the response you are getting, kindly insert the sim in a nokia phone preferably
2	thegadgetshow helsinki (reuters) - finnish telecom equipment maker nokia on friday said it has agree... gadgets
2	nokia n97 microcosm - bear down upon the whole direct over and above utterly comprehensive march: ouytuj
2	church is tomorrow &amp; i hope that i will be forced to use a windows nokia phone for a week! who are you bringing to church tomorrow? inspire
2	askbankofscot me again! the nokia model 735 does not appear on the list to register. every other number under the sun!
2	soon! foxconn chennai facility for nokia used to pay 1/3rd of the foxconn facility for apple in china. ayush_d
2	nokia move in china may help push alcatel-lucent acquisition: now, in an effort to curry the favor of chinese ...
2	my nephews first phone is a note 3 .... while i was struggling with a nokia in 2nd grade lol
2	nokia n97 doll - bring off the entirety paphian despite warrantable wed signature: ctcift
2	if i was on an island and could only have one thing, it may or may not be a solar powered stereo with john mayer's live at nokia in it.
2	sbromine i will text you tomorrow, now i work in window maintenance at movistar in colombia-medellin. i work for nokia.
2	northernstork paradoxy13 may it be a great success in spite of obama's interference in daraa. down with the regime and hezbollah!
2	[the sun daily] obama signs executive order on paid sick leave: washington: us president barack obama signed a...
2	obama thinks you need a few sick days. skimmlife via theskimm
2	the girly technique of "cute" may be going out of style as a distraction of our national will. it led to obama and we can see its fruits!
2	y fireboehner? he fully funded obama's amnesty for illegalaliens back in february after campaigning on the promise to stop amnesty. tcot
2	obama doubles down on ppact while the gop dithers. morninganswer
2	watching obama videos bc i need a fucking break and it's just tuesday thank god
2	obama meets every tuesday to review his kill list. will he and dave share notes so as not to drone same person twice?
2	ericawerner brespolitico the dems may have the votes to sustain a filibuster. but wyden and blumenthal capitulated to obama.
2	obama's democrats rally magic number of iran deal votes: us president barack obama on tuesday reached the key ...
2	as congress returns, obama wins key senate support for iran deal: president obama on tuesday secured what he h...
2	he may be right. look at some of his policies.he is acting like obama did when he ran 1st time.look back..
2	pittgriffin bibles and guns. obama was right the 1st time.
2	perceptive piece by the perceptive climatebrad on hope that obama's clean power plan is a 1st step, not a last one
2	obama was adopted by dumham's 2nd husband soetero and his name changed to barry soetero. no record it was changed bj
2	just wondering: 4 more senators voted for the iran deal today, obama doesn't even need to veto, why is there a rally against it tomorrow?
2	tomorrow, i pray the persian people will stand with trump in washington and stop obama's nuclear insanity.
2	joyannreid fractured got me thinking. could part of bernie's surprised rise be the sense hill may move party back to the right from obama?
2	when will the damn stupid gop apologize 4 the lousy pact they made during obama's 1st inaugural address? they ought 2 man up and apologize
2	blisstabitha joh2guy since the mormon church is growing big in 3rd world countries,obama can ship our muslims to salt lake city
2	[the sun daily] obama ate bear's dinner during alaska reality show outing: washington: us president barack oba...
2	maybe nbcnewyork did not get your memo? they did mention in crawl that senblumenthal ct will side with obama ...
2	i really hope that obama attends serena's match on saturday...ciara's doing the national anthem. give us deze ratings biches.
2	obama's doj record on protecting voting rights has been just abysmal: was timid on sec. 5, few sec. 2 lawsuits, now no 14th amendment claims
2	tjchristman gravylegs1 undocked. may try sending a signal again. worked fine for months. black helicopters mucking it up? obama.
2	mithellreports:thefix:ruthmarcus:ruth,u know y gop's won't support the iran deal. gop's swore on obama's 1st inaug day 2 block him.it's y
2	thedailyedge the jobs were created cause the economy anticipated a gop senate... obama, by definition, is evil! (may contain irony...)
2	if oracle bought sun ten years earlier i doubt java would be remembered as much more than a short lived contaminant of the web.
2	ruby tuesday streamlines hiring and onboarding of team members with oracle talent management cloud hcm
2	streamline hiring with oracle talent management cloud oraclehcm
2	so, is mary ann davidson at oracle a tool? sigh. at the risk of being repetitive, yes, yes she is.
2	melrosetwothree psst, can you take oracle of the sun and put that one sun on it's chest? i know cyd would "love" it.
2	classes start 2nd (wed). classes on fri 4th follow a monday schedule. thus spake the carleton orifice, oops, oracle.
2	oracle cso numbers, security hygiene and fixes at the same time
2	nice! usl scalability analysis for oracle 9i appln. learn more at the sept 21 gcap class
2	exploiting pl/sql injection in oracle with only create session privileges (6th edition)
2	are you interested? (it) oracle functional support analyst-1st &amp; 2nd line/oracle ebs aggeliesergasias
2	programmableweb will oracle finally put its tax on android: on june 26, the u.s. supreme court dumped the wh...
2	all i want is to be at oracle on a wednesday night with someone special .
2	please be advised, reading oracle's legacy may cause heightened imagination. proceed with care: ebook
2	i highly recommend anyone who cheers on oracle suing android over java apis to listen to the latest threatpost
2	bkievit sailteamio we called this... takeover rumors in mtg with oracle via thestreet
2	why oracle just bought a marketing company called maxymiser oracle on thursday announced that it was buying new...
2	thinking about buying mscd610 oracle database exam oracle 11g sql 2nd casteel? rea via yotpo
2	"yeah, for your recovery. tomorrow, i shall bring you to oracle" misha answers. "uh.. alright then. thanks misha" you pat misha's head
2	who wants to go see the weeknd with me at oracle on dec 5th?
2	sjfloat it seems to be half dead :( sun worked at some point to take the jvm on xen, but i don't know if oracle kept this project alive.
2	oracle - stock market crash black wednesday rally crushes the bears
2	"we sat down with members of the zombies and odessey and oracle..." music feedly
2	prefer the saturday show at oracle though. first shows always better than late adds + can tu after.
2	an oracle casts a spell so that she may see the future shadowed in mystery. amwriting amwritingfantasy
2	start reading the oracle's legacy trilogy free: download the 1st book children of sun nook ebook
2	rednationblogga oct 30th in houston but if you trying to go to oracle it's the 9th of february.
2	peterbayley virag064 it started in the sun years, before even oracle came into the picture.
2	jhamby ...a market that they had already lost by the time oracle bought sun. but yeah, the api is the worst part of java.
2	arjunebug lol bruh pls dont miss ur flight tommorow i had you winning with oracle at 3rd prof 2nd
2	oracle so transparently bought sun just to avoid to block the friends being supportive n shit.
2	wendellpierce you baaad mutha shut yo mouth, just heard the interview for your memoirs npr sunday. you're like an oracle, a shinning star.
2	faye wattleton was the youngest, longest tenured &amp; 1st black president of planned parenthood. a q&amp;a, w/her daughter:
2	saturday's rally to defund planned parenthood drew hundreds in cos. 8/28 still a day of prayer and fasting!
2	i'll be talking about planned parenthood and the christian response wednesday on periscope
2	between 8am and 9am tomorrow we may see the next planned parenthood video. check here:
2	the 8th video about planned parenthood has come out. in light of this, it's important to remember that for...
2	the 8th center for medical progress planned parenthood expose video is up. interview with stem express ceo cate...
2	interesting. methinks the one baby that survived planned parenthood was irandeal. think about it.
2	one of our staff members giving a speech at the protest in front of planned parenthood in orange on saturday....
2	ted cruz pledges doj will open investigation of planned parenthood on 1st day in office
2	govt-shutdown caucus may not be ready to go to the mattresses over planned parenthood.
2	texas will defund cancer screenings at planned parenthood starting september 1. here's what the media needs to know:
2	do you live near york? come stand with planned parenthood next thursday -- details here
2	(reuters) - planned parenthood filed a complaint in alabama federal on friday seeking to stop the state from defunding its health cli...
2	jindal's claim that planned parenthood can't sue may not hold up, experts say | because he has a law degree?$%! p2
2	planned parenthood fight and the fed: the fed may want to get ahead of policy risks and increase interest rate...
2	.rubenkihuen also didn't budge on backing planned parenthood, came out for boots on the ground to defeat isis. back to 5:30 everywhere fri.
2	icymi: heres what you must know about texas' decision to defund cancer screenings planned parenthood on sept 1
2	josephremib laura_lrnzo amarquis32 they follow up at 10pm friday with a fox news reporting going after planned parenthood.
2	.shannonbream anchoring foxnews special on the planned parenthood swirl tomorrow night. talk with her today at 10.
2	thank you foxnews for producing a special on the planned parenthood fetal body part scandal to be aired tomorrow night. ppsellsbabyparts
2	tomorrow i'll respond to the often-repeated "abortions are only 3% of what planned parenthood does!" protestpp
2	a federal terrorism task force is investigating the fire at planned parenthood in pullman
2	every sat i pass people protesting planned parenthood on my way to work, &amp; it makes me determined to donate more to them every fucking time!
2	politifact sheet: 8 things to know about the planned parenthood controversy via politifact
2	going to shut the gov't down over planned parenthood, tom?
2	what's behind the attacks on planned parenthood? new show thurs 9-10pm wbai sunsara taylor, sistersong statement, more 4womenslib ssedoga
2	going to planned parenthood on monday because 1.) i haven't gotten a basic physical in two years 2.) i am writing a piece on it for affinity
2	the u.s. justice department sided with planned parenthood in its court battle with louisiana gov. bobby jindal (r) monday night, telling a
2	daily post: pope reveals why he likes uhuru so much! see what he told wamalwa! obama may faint
2	cross wires tuesday headlines: pope's motu proprio changes the way catholics get annulments; catholic parishes...
2	good tuesday morning. big news out of the vatican: pope radically reforms catholic church's process for annulling marriages. gma
2	beginning today at noon., 10,000 tickets will be available to the public for the pope's event on saturday,...
2	( teamvillanosfdl ) pope to make annulment changes: pope francis is expected to announce revisions on tuesday...
2	zoraidasambolin life long catholic but some of rules nonsensical. remember venial sin, no meat on friday's? so i don't worry about pope.
2	twickmuseum we understand that the site should reopen next tues. pope's urn will be officially launched by lord true on mon 21 sept
2	reuters the pope may get applause, but it is actually another e.g. of the church being pulled along by modernity. still a long way to go.
2	septa_social re pope: is it possible to take mfl from 2nd to 34th on morning of monday sept 28? when does mfl resume regular sched/stops?
2	tried to get pope tickets but it sold out hotter than any concert! will try tomorrow at noon!
2	the pope wants to make annulling a marriage easier - pope francis on tuesday revolutionized the procedure for roma...
2	world: pope's faster annulment plan may mean less in u.s.: pope francis has just reformed t... via .thenewshype
2	roratecaeli protectthepope thanks 'pope' francis for quickie divorce vii style. 2nd council + novus ordo the work of masonic infiltrators
2	its been a hard days fishing today my 1st fish a ruffe a good start i thought i'd been blessed by the pope!
2	pope addresses portugal's bishops on 5-yearly visit: pope francis on monday received in audience the bishops o...
2	question!!!!!! somebody settle this for me..... when the pope comes in town the weekend of the 25th of...
2	i wish the pope would do anything other than canonize serra when he visits my school on the 23rd. i really like...
2	pope's faster annulment plan may not mean as much in the us. pontifex
2	sen. schumer to announce wednesday the winners of tickets to see pope
2	my jesuit university sent out an email saying the pope will be giving mass at madison square garden on september 26th. starts at 6:30
2	jimmykimmel ritaora chrisbrown so you balance out an american hero with a woman beater? who's on tomorrow the pope and o.j?
2	angelitahpsycho jillkentok the pope is way advanced than the century self, he's probably in 23rd lmao
2	pope says marriage annulment should be free, new rules may mean marriages can be annulled in just 45 days in some cases.
2	more confusion from francis, the first merciful pope
2	irishfluke_ oh there ue monday ok. i wonder what days we'll have cause of the pope
2	popeleoxii the theologians of the church teach that the see may be vacant at the death or resignation of a pope until a new one is elected.
2	how the pope's personal experience with annulments may have led to reforms via deaconsbench
2	find out about road closures on saturday 1 &amp; sunday 2 august, due to pride parade &amp; village street party at brighton
2	wildandkyung btw from one gay babe to another; what do u think i should wear to pride parade on saturday? it'll probably be raining but-
2	i couldn't get aug 16 off i'm so sad i really wanted to go to the pride parade
2	as much as i love pride parade, you may have a point. jamaica isn't ready (yet!).
2	jerusalem should have its next pride parade on saturday. can't cut people on the sabbath!
2	yvr! i need to find a wagon to borrow for the pride parade on sunday. red flyer, folding camp wagon etc. something to hold a cooler. halp!
2	we add our regrets for yesterday's tragedy at the pride parade. may peace happen during our time. shabbat shalimar
2	due to the pride parade tomorrow the free shuttle will not pick up bluehorizonvan for the entire day. pls go to canadaplace vancouver
2	photos: pride parade in vancouver: hundreds of thousands took to the streets sunday in downtown vancouver for ...
2	close to 700,000 people packed into vancouver's west end sunday afternoon to celebrate the 37th annual pride parade
2	sunday at the pride parade---by the look on his face justin was 'just not ready'.lg1043
2	lola vancouver's pride parade - sun protection - hereinvancouver has added a photo to the pool:
2	some of our services will be affected tomorrow in cardiff due to the pride parade, full details here
2	julieslalonde debeauxos1 i'll be working saturday, but hope to watch the pride parade on sunday. canqueer ottawa
2	are you attending the pride parade this weekend? join our float and march with us! capitalpride
2	pride parade will take place in the downtown core tomorrow starting at 1pm. find out which roads are affected here:
2	lrt my mom just called to razz me about not inviting her to help decorate the pride parade float i'm going to be in tomorrow.
2	fyi, it's "go topless day" on sunday. in nyc fans of gender equality will be marching in a pride parade.
2	bootif1 there will be some road closures on saturday for the pride parade, details can be found here:
2	join yes shelter in the pride parade sept 19th 1:30-3pm: &amp;nbsp; join the youth emergency shelter as we...
2	parents in zurich and going to pride parade tomorrow. i'm jealous :)
2	nbchannibal ew i'm missing the hannibal finale for atx pride parade, but can't wait to watch it tomorrow morning!!!! murderhusbands
2	kootenay pride parade 2015 3pm september 6, 2015 back for its 19th year, the pride parade is the most visible...
2	tholzerman adam_jacobi i feel in that department you may, unfortunately, be the buddy landel to his ric flair
2	night of champions on august 29th with wlw, ric flair and harley race in troy, missouri via flairwhoooooo
2	stuck going down the rabbit hole of watching old ric flair promos.. hey, it's friday
2	soniaakm he was only 61 rah, tbh i thought it would be ric flair to die 1st lol no disrespect to him
2	ric flair on roddy piper -- 'world won't be the same' - ric flair -- one of roddy piper's longest and closest fri...
2	just read that there may be a "rvd farewell tour" similar to the one ric flair had up too wrestlemania 24....
2	i believe it just may be randyorton to at least tie ric flair's world title record, than the expected john cena
2	how would you have felt if ric flair made the jump to the wwf during the monday night wars? would it have helpe...
2	there's one difference here. hhh was never ric flair's bitch. this sunday. i'm going to make you mine. signed. mic drop. spot on. raw
2	rollins you better win on sunday at summerslam! i do not want super cena to tie ric flair's 16-time world title reigns. raw titlefortitle
2	i can't watch monday night raw anymore. i miss the stone cold steve austin, ric flair, shawn michaels, eddie guerrero &amp; the hardy brothers!
2	justinlabar "triple h was never ric flair's bitch. but this sunday in gonna make you mine." scripted. well delivered. but scripted.
2	"triple h was never ric flair's bitch, but this sunday, i'm gonna make you mine!" no pressure rollins, look at that look from hhh! raw
2	i hope ric flair prevents john cena from getting his 16th title. wwe write that into the script tripleh stephmcmahon
2	did you all know that ric flair was handed the belt on the 16th time? summerslam
2	fezzsidd like ric flair's 16th world title everyone gets all worked up about? nash literally handed it to him. lost it about an hour later.
2	quick reminder to folks agreeing with jon. ric flair's 16th reign came via kevin nash handing him the title. he lost it about an hour later.
2	wait. is what ric flair saying true? did jon stewart costing johncena the 16th wwe title put us in an alternate reality? raw
2	schultz975 steve sarkisian was about drunkard up as ric flair on monday night raw.
2	wweretweeting ric flair on the 20th anniversary of raw
2	lol keller insinuating ric flair may have fed meltzer the cena is holding charlotte down story.
2	space mountain may be the oldest ride in the park, but it has the longest line. ric flair
2	pocketvolcano i take it you heard ric flair is at dreamwave in jan 1/2/16
2	it appears that rick perry, former governor of texas, may be the first to drop out of the gop presidential race. maybe. perhaps.
2	foxfriendsfirst there he is rick perry, will drop out 1st! the 1st drop out will com from 2nd tier.
2	rick perry has stopped paying staff &amp; rumors of rand paul implosion are everywhere. are these the 1st 2 out?
2	and it looks like rick perry is the 1st gop domino to fall.
2	with rick perry's campaign unable to pay staffers, it may be time to think about bowing out or catering exclusively to a big donor.
2	why rick perry's campaign's financial woes may not mean as much in the age of superpacs.
2	so only the independently wealthy?!? rick perry's campaign staff is working for free 99. skimmlife via theskimm
2	what if rick perry won't drop out of the 2016 race? jbview
2	rick perry may actually just be outsourcing his campaign staff to super pacs:
2	supporters that are supporting ted cruz, rick perry, &amp; sarah palin &amp; family-should look at the facts that their employer may think your also
2	chris christie or rick perry may be the first to drop out of presidential race: beginning with sen. ted cruz i...
2	rick perry tomorrow morning at 8:15a with robert rees at the iowa state iowa state fair
2	why not give rick perry a look? he is a christian conservative with a proven record of 12th largest economy world.
2	rick perry drops out of the race &amp; leaves politics. starts a movie production company meant to rival marvel studios. 1st film: roland raven.
2	.jenniferjjacobs: rick perry: a young 1st term senator put country's economy and foreign policy in the ditch, time for experienced leader.
2	tomleb jrosenbaum as far as i know rick perry hasn't tried to illegally bond for a second football stadium while still paying on the 1st 1
2	overheard at candidate101: "did you know that rick perry ran out of $ to pay his staff? it's the 1st time he's paid women as much as men!"
2	rick perry may be able to pay his staffers again, but he's still propped up by super pac billionaires.
2	true. except that rick perry has more swagger. trump may have had a point when he said jeb is asleep.
2	bluewaterdays rick perry was appointed by bush when he became potus. 1st reelection was by voter grace 4 a new incumbent.
2	republikim1 the fact that he officially endorsed rick perry back in june.
2	hey trumpkins: remember that time when the 1st major political figure to recognize and speak at a rally for tparty was rick perry in austin?
2	kelliwardaz when it comes to john mccain, trump is right; rick perry is clueless. nicknamed "songbird" in vietnam.
2	i don't have inside dope but, based on grim reports from nh, it may be the end for rick perry's campaign. if he goes, i say he backs kasich
2	as i write a check to my nanny, it occurs to me that i may have more money than rick perry's campaign.
2	rick perry's presidential campaign lost its second co-chair in iowa on monday as it continues to hemorrhage staff because of deep
2	inothernews rick perry flatly denied trump's assertion thursday that he was bowing out of the race.
2	"a broken clock is right once a day"--rick perry thurs on fox uniteblue tcot oopsididitagain
2	smart money says rick perry will be the first to call it quits. he may be a winner in texas but not nationally.
2	heres your 1st choice rick perry the "conservative" nrorevolt
2	sarah palin says she'll interview donald trump on cable's one america news network friday night - breaking-news
2	best part about following sarah palin on twitter is, no matter how much you double check, you always think it may be a parody account...
2	on the day before the 7th anniversary of john mccain's vp choice, sarah palin will interview donald trump. or is...
2	chicago (il) sun-times: cancel all plans tonight: sarah palin is interviewing donald trump
2	wednesday: too soon to talk gun control thursday: still too soon friday: oh donald trump and sarah palin talking about a wall, let's tune in
2	well... snl is hunting for material for october's tv return. re: one america news networks with sarah palin and donald trump.
2	donald trump finally showed restraint in a television interview friday night when he was interviewed by sarah palin.
2	wow. this informercial sarah palin did for donald trump's campaign is great. they should air it every night at 2am.
2	on friday night, former vice presidential candidate sarah palin chatted with current gop presidential candidate...
2	tengrain i would note that sarah palin is happy to call it denali ("the great one, soaring under the midnight sun")
2	i love that sarah palin called donald trump "avant garde." i like to believe that trump squints because he sees the truth like a sun.
2	i didn't see he had a meeting with sarah palin in his schedule.
2	democracynow gop sarah palin and hillaryclinton address the nation from saturday night live climatechange
2	you know, "mommy" from the people under the stairs may have had been an unintentional parody of sarah palin when you get down to it.
2	cnnsotu cnn dear cnn thank you for advertising sarah palin was going to be on your show sunday morning. i didn't watch. get wise!
2	palin eyes energy secretary job in trump cabinet - former alaska gov. sarah palin said sunday she could see hersel...
2	what a wonderful sunday. we've already received great insight from the best of the republican party (colin powell) and worst (sarah palin)
2	9am sun: i hope my neighbors just heard me ask my phone to google "sarah palin's makeup routine" and then sneeze like a lumberjack 3x
2	we need to thank the left for making gov. sarah palin trend all day on the sunday before labor day on twitter. thanks guys.
2	sarah palin wants americans to "speak american". unlike her to make a gaffe...
2	sarah palin wants immigrants to the us to speak some new language called "american". us notonion
2	sarah palin announced sunday night that she will be joining donald trump and ted cruz at the stop the iran...
2	washington -- in what could be a bid for a post in a future donald trump administration, sarah palin emerged out of the weeds on sunday
2	sarah palin tore into espn on thursday night, calling the network "whimpering" and "intolerant" for suspending baseball analyst curt
2	sounds like a sarah palin line that didn't make the cut for being too crass and glib.
2	politics dark side of the secret ballot? donald trump and sarah palin may win big by going nativist via tnh_news
2	when sarah palin was tabbed as john mccain's running mate in 2008, the folks at "saturday night live" decided ...
2	sarah palin may want us to speak american, but if she is in president trump's cabinet many of us will be speaking canadian. andy borowitz
2	sarah palin to join donald trump and ted cruz at big rally in d.c. on wednesday, 1:00 pm at the capitol, to protest obama's iran nuke deal!
2	noirandeal dc rally tomorrow with realdonaldtrump tedcruz &amp; sarah palin remember our hostages bringthemhome
2	judge argues that since tn, per scotus, can't determine what a marriage is, then it can't rule in contested divorces.
2	jaxx613 mgbazemorejr joec1776 jsavite and the constitution says that scotus decides what is constitutional. we may not agree.
2	foxnewslive the law of the land is religious freedom 1st amendment protects rf not frf. scotus was wrong. kate smith is right
2	jteberhard cherry1779 the ssm isn't the issue here. that was settled by scotus in june. this is about following the law
2	you say it's not a right. scotus says it is. constitution says we follow scotus. fucking done!
2	.jtsoutherland what the 14th says or doesn't say is not up to you. the words have meanings. legally, scotus decides. they have.
2	lizschmidt3 scotus determined that to be the 14th amendment's due process clause and equal protection clauses. oberfeige readityourself
2	anybody asking what law kimdavis broke needs to sit in on a 5th grade social studies class and learn the role of scotus.
2	nope. look at the scotus rulings on the motto. they call it ceremonial *deism*. it's not reaffirming christianity.
2	aquapub i know i'm stupid but it seems scotus has established marriage as a right via 14th. kim was denying people who legally qualified.
2	rogerthatone farrightofleft_ c0nservativegal legally i would say yes if you accept scotus decision and actually to litigate it that's 1st
2	johnhalljr pattyf1234 supreme law that scotus uses to interpret the laws made by congress. even then, congress may overturn scotus.
2	pnkust ussupremecourt here, this will explain scotus decision on ss marriage as it applied it to 14th amend.
2	geoconservative peltier_maggie and scotus ruled any law outlawing same sex marriage is unconstitutional for violating the 14th
2	(which is why kim lost with the 6th circuit and scotus)
2	scrowder what if scotus says 2nd amendment arms don't mean guns and elected official disregards it?
2	lelandvittert clarify religious freedom in scotus ruling or the 1st amendment stands in contradiction of the ruling.
2	scotus specifically &amp; unambiguously cited the 14th amend in their rulings on marriage equality.
2	littlebytesnews i never said it is. but the scotus ruled that the 14th amendment requires a state to license a marriage of same sex couples
2	guyscott33 14th amendment guarantees equal protection so yeah. oh &amp;, p.s., no, scotus didn't write the law but did correctly interpret it.
2	jsexception foxnews you may be right. however, lincoln didn't listen to the scotus when they said black people were not humans.
2	leeadams_4him purpose of the scotus is to establish constitutionality of laws. they ruled that gay marriage bans violated 14th amend rights
2	.tonyortegamusic magdods rachelheldevans scotus ruled that the 14th amendment applies to same sex marriage.
2	charles_pence carriekhutchens 1st found guilty of violating scotus decision regarding ssm &amp; ordered to comply. then she was in contempt
2	billd111 megynkelly tedcruz scotus has determined that the 14th amendment guarantees equal access to marriage for all citizens
2	isupremecourt scotus would be hypocritical in re-affirming the 4th circuits ruling, but at the same time hw was kind of broad himself...
2	danthawildman read the 14th amendment. or maybe you should just read what the scotus says:
2	topdrive496 scotus says it is already in constitution, 14th amendment. don't need new laws for that.
2	alphainparis 14th amendment is the one used by scotus in the marriage equality ruling. gshevlin
2	searching for marriage in the 14th amendment; how scotus usurp powers that it does not have under the constitution.
2	angiezwick which was declared unconstitutional by scotus as a violation of the 14th amendment...so that's been settled.
2	thebobbynelson if the scotus decided that the 14th a gave a muslim woman the right to no longer wear a head scarf, or that marriage
2	misterfreedom you may want to learn about what the scotus does. petapup1
2	count_01 scotus based their argument on the 14th. no matter how you stretch it race was not involved.
2	deepsouthproud bryanbleano dynamochen the states ensured scotus could take this action by enacting 14th amendment
2	pqlyur1 scotus interprets laws, and since by their interpretation it is protected by the 14th amendment it is technically a const violation
2	npallitto thefive ?regardless of your position,protocol should be followed in all scotus decisions.next time it may be one you don't like
2	israeli_queen you are aware that scotus said that it fell under two sections of the 14th admendment right?
2	george on seinfeld may be the biggest piece of shit in the history of humanity
2	tomorrow!!! i'm not moving again for a long time!! also i feel like elaine from seinfeld with all these damn exclamation points!!!
2	"seinfeld broke several conventions of mainstream television. it is often described as being "a show about nothing""
2	solemnoathbeer thebruery to paraphrase seinfeld: are you going to double dip? this pic (of wax cover) looks much different than 1st pic.
2	remember on seinfeld when kramer got fired from job they never hired him for in the 1st place? anyways enuf abt white ppl's advice for blm
2	harveyaraton i may be the only human being in america never watched seinfeld once, ditto, friends, all those sitcoms. only tv for sports.
2	jellybean1398 watching the last episode 1st is why i skipped watching seinfeld for many yrs. the 1st few yrs at least of mad men were good.
2	sun took away my energy i want some cold pressed juice and i wanna watch seinfeld at home
2	bryancranston aren't you that dentist from seinfeld. have you been in anything else i may have seen?
2	will watch old movies, seinfeld and other silly things till sunday...the old katrina news footage is too much for this heart to bear.
2	stay up late, watch seinfeld, make steve drive tomorrow.
2	world, i think it may be time to accept that nothing larry david did after seinfeld has been funny.
2	i'm finding my life and the dialogue around me are right out of a seinfeld episode. many of you may think this is fun, but it's unnerving.
2	stuck in the lodge with jim the dads army loving sound guy who claims seinfeld and friends are the worst shows of all time. i may knife him.
2	c'mon now the only black person on seinfeld was the lawyer who was supposed to be an imitation of cochrane
2	kaineoftermina so that's a yes and a maybe for this reference. i'm not sure if anyone got the seinfeld reference wednesday.
2	gonna watch seinfeld, smoke a joint, and pass the hell out before going back to work at 2 jobs again tomorrow. adultshit
2	so like, he missed seinfeld and friends? and to think i was really starting to like this dude.
2	colincowherd mi_crawford i also thought seinfeld episode for the hair but i'm going with 6th grade class photo.
2	crimson_smiles i was going to til i saw "hate seinfeld" .... yea about that shirt..go ahead and wear crimson to knox friday night
2	i'm pretty sure serena ripped that match winning ace the same time usmnt game up their 3rd.
2	serena defeat venus again only this time venus put up a fight and made to a 3rd set unlike last time i saw it usopen
2	in the 5th meeting of the sisters at the us open, serena defeats venus to advance to the semis
2	serena has no mercy for her sister . 6-3 on the 3rd set and match usopen
2	serena may have taken that match, but venus wins. so much class. just a good person. the same cannot be said about her sister. veealways
2	mauricebear21 she may beat steffi or serena's open era record of titles, who knows at this point.
2	can't take disrespect ppl show venus! she's the 2nd best in women's draw-wins a set off serena &amp; ppl say it's fixed. such bs serenavsvenus
2	calila1988 serena looked like she wanted to cry majority of the 3rd set.
2	you may think venus and serena are impressive, but are you aware of that one time my sister and i fought over a ham sandwich?
2	arlenenkelly and you will be procrastinating to see serena make history on sunday?
2	know what's scary? serena was mildly injured a little after wimbledon and sat out before the us open. she could win with that formula.
2	tsn1200 tsnhammer tsnjr tsnsteve web poll question for tmo. did serena tank the 2nd set for dramatic effect against venus? conspiracy
2	i didn't get to see the tennis match between venus and serena, but i did record it.....i will watch it tomorrow.....
2	team venus or team serena? on this night, it's team williams: tuesday evening, home-country fa... tennis usopen
2	serena tops venus at u.s. open: serena williams squeaked by venus in the u.s. open quarterfinals on tuesday ev...
2	throwback tuesday: venus vs. serena, 2015 wimbledon: the last time the williams sisters played each other was ...
2	not hating on serena and she is 1 of the all time greats but realskipbayless called her the greatest and she's not
2	so, the 27th chapter of serena vs. venus sees the younger williams move within 2 wins of a sweep15, though it took 3 sets to do it. usopen
2	it was so good venus killed serena the 2nd set but serena won the game with an ace
2	serena and venus williams faced off in a historic match-up at the 2015 u.s. open on tuesday, and many celebrities...
2	7 things you may not know about serena and venus williams via time
2	usopen fools! serena threw the 2nd set. so obvious. so disappointing.
2	usopen venus williams middle name is ebony starr last major 2008 wimbledon d. serena 7th with all-time major tied w henin &amp; goolagong.
2	rickmoffat c'mon rick, no matter how well venus played or how poorly serena played the outcome was set! very easy to lose points in tennis.
2	chrissieevert home watching on tv it was obvious serena tanked that 2nd set to give the crowd a 3 set match. can you try to be transparent
2	kevo3k def not. she made a slight run in the 3rd but serena was up too much already
2	usatoday no, serena didn't throw the 2nd set against venus: forget the conspiracies -- th... sports sportsnews
2	azarenka vs halep... i believe the person who may give serena a hard time will come from this match.
2	smceneaneyirl no internet coverage at the festival, snoop dogg was on friday ocean colour scene &amp; basement jaxx on saturday. johnny marr &amp;
2	snoop dogg has over $200k seized at italian airport - eurweb*italian police stopped snoop dogg last friday as he p...
2	prostitutes and pimps? snoop dogg may make a return to the roast of donald trump ii.
2	seems like snoop dogg may need to make way for the title of world's greatest stoner for a certain w. shakespeare |
2	the moon is an errant thief, and her pale fire she snatches from the sun." - esteemed romantic poet, snoop dogg
2	my parents are going to musikfest on saturday and said they won't go to see snoop dogg. i'm officially not their daughter anymore.
2	first nate dogg's son get's the boot from uw football, now snoop dogg's son leaves ucla.
2	second thoughts careful now, or you might get a bad rap: snoop dogg is shown in a june 27 file photo. sno... rap
2	snoop dogg's son cordell broadus quits ucla football: he told head coach jim mora on thursday that he decided to pursue "other passio...
2	and it say "april: snoop dogg quits weed!" then it says "may: snoop dogg back on weed!" i feel like that's me about a lot of things lmao
2	i forgot salt n peppa and snoop dogg coming to the fair on the 2nd..
2	universal should just make a feature focused on 2pac. no sequel or relation to straight outta compton, or snoop dogg
2	snoop dogg and matt barnes arrive at the 3rd annual athletes vs cancer: celebrity flag football game
2	snoop dogg will be performing i'm syracuse on the 2nd. i don't care about his music, but i wonder if i can get a pic with him if i go
2	ohthatkatiekat izzyarmendariz_ i blame snoop dogg for getting izzy to stick her body out the sun roof
2	meet snoop dogg at total wine &amp; more this sunday - have you always wanted to rub shoulders with snoop dogg? great ...
2	snoop dogg will not be performing at the nysfair on wednesday night at chevy court. localsyr
2	snoop dogg's performance at the new york state fair on wednesday has been canceled
2	rapper snoop dogg cancels wednesday's concert at new york state fair: a little more than 24 hours before he wa...
2	(utica od) snoop dogg cancels wednesday show at state fair: rapper snoop dogg's concert at the nys fair schedu...
2	wow nas is replacing snoop dogg nysfair tomorrow. hell of a get on one day's notice.
2	nas replaces snoop dogg at the nysfair wednesday night. do you like the new act better?
2	snoop dogg at late night with jimmy fallon vmas
2	snoop dogg was not happy with roger goodell on thursday, so he did what snoop dogg does best.
2	i'm only ok with 3rd floor playing snoop dogg this early because i'm still on a gangsta rap high after seeing straight outta compton dope
2	im bringing the monster load of candy tomorrow, i just hope it doesn't get all squiched
2	apple software, retail chiefs out in overhaul: san francisco apple inc ceo tim cook on monday replaced the heads...
2	livewire nadal confirmed for mexican open in february: rafael nadal is set to play at the me... livewireathletics
2	alyoup005 addicted2haley hmmmm november is an odd release date if true but if it becomes big enough maybe she could sing it at grammys
2	iran us delisting mko from global terrorists list in line with iran campaign: tehran, oct 30, irna -- secretary...
2	expect light-moderate rains over e. visayas; cebu, bohol, samar &amp; leyte have 30-70% chance of rains tonight! expect fair weather tomorrow!:)
2	game 1 of the nlcs and a rematch of the nfc championship game tomorrow. sf's gonna be cuuuuhraaaaaaaazeeeee
2	black friday huge saving aerial view of a city, paris las vegas, the las vegas strip, las vegas,...
2	mohamed morsi, egypt's muslim brotherhood president, instructed the supreme council of the armed forces thursday...
2	c'mon avila! you just got tagged out by a guy who looks like the kid bill murray was researching in the royal tenenbaums! tigers
2	at the first grammy awards, held on 4 may 1959, domenico modugno beat out frank sinatra and peggy lee for the record of the year,with volare
2	broncos peyton manning named afc offensive player of the month. it's his 5th such honor, second to tom brady's 6, tied w/ td.
2	toozany is bringing out kendrick lamar the 6th of december!?! get your tickets now!
2	andre's wigan warning - coys official site wigan might currently occupy 15th place in the premier league,...
2	juice005 strange enough, i'm going to see noel gallagher in concert tomorrow night. alldayb1tch
2	how are they going to act in new york with the subways out? they better clutch it out like eli manning 4th quarter
2	lala_cox there are going to be plenty of ups &amp; downs for boro,cardiff,leicester etc until may.i hope we are still in with a shout for promo
2	playing as the browns hc k. fri in madden13, xfacalac lost to the ravens 21-28 on all-madden connectedcareers
2	the pain is far deeper than a billy cundiff missed field goal. gotta wake up and forget about it tomorrow. orioles stayhungry
2	after seeing iam_faithreid's tweet about watching the vow, i think i may need to watch it.
2	alex poythress had 11 points and 7 rebounds in his debut with kentucky during an exhibition game on thursday. he played 28 minutes.
2	if i can get my equipment working correctly we will have a live show on friday at 6 pm cst with contactee ray...
2	nationals 9th inning had that "4th quarter redskins" feel, didn't it? coulda swore i saw cundiff shank one from the mound.
2	jackals goal! jimmy martin sneaks a rebound past killeen to give elmira a 2-1 lead. bushee &amp; bellamy with the assists.1:09 left 2nd period
2	sunnyclifford we have a similar circumstance in australia. jan 25 is australia day &amp; many first peoples call it invasion day.
2	paul-and5homos: harry and louis are just fri- eleanor is such an inspira- harry is such a manwho- louis is...
2	web apple software, retail chiefs out in overhaul: san francisco (reuters) - apple inc ceo tim cook on monday replaced the heads of ...
2	and the 4th one is for harry styles!! &lt;33333
2	the business leader's award ceremony will be held during the wef annual meeting in davos on the 25 january 2013!
2	jordon_atkins me you and joe gone chill saturday of i come tho
2	it's radio 1 rocks next - week starting off with a live lounge on fearnecotton's show with bullet for my valentine on monday
2	hotspurrelated im just a 19 year old still on loan for the 3rd time at coventry 79 overall hopefully when i return bale will still be ther
2	apple shakeup mobile software boss eased out: apple inc. ceo tim cook on monday pushed out the powerful head of the company&amp;039;s mo...
2	somehow i managed to "lose" my princess leia bra on saturday. i'm going to noel gallagher as "glock at phish" ie jorts&amp;tank. custymcnoob
2	docbungle i may relent and get one myself, but i hope it doesn't come to that. hopefully all the decent apps will get ported to android
2	android 4.2 camera app with photo sphere now available for galaxy nexus: introduced on monday, android 4.2 bring...
2	juliecrawley25. gininjadesign. donna_butlin. nope, it's just camden, eating greek food with a pumpkin... just another wednesday.
2	faq: what is 'skeuomorphic design' and the executive shakeup at apple: san francisco, ca - march 07: apple ceo ...
2	fact of the day; halloween night is papa john's second busiest night of the year behind super bowl sunday.
2	vow is likely to return from a midsummer break in the prix de royallieu at longchamp on saturday.
2	real_liam_payne i wanted you to know that here in argentina is going to make a directioner fest 10 november te amo te amo te amo!
2	its november already.. christmas will be here soon, then new year, then valentine's day then graduation?!?!
2	i need another viv necklace... may buy myself one for valentines day nojoke
2	just got tickets to see muse in florida. that, combined with the grammys two weeks prior, equals a really busy february for ruby and myself.
2	battle for the 17th banner: royal rumble basketball edition
2	smooches from fido: yea or nay? - july 6th was international kissing day (of the human sort). later in the month, ca...
2	monta ellis / ellis provided just five points on 2-of-13 shooting thursday nba playersnews
2	when i teach a basketball in my own school, we're gonna spend the 1st day watching larry bird videos, &amp; the rest will take care of itself.
2	at&amp;t offers free cloud storage for ios and android at&amp;t on thursday announced a new service it calls at&amp;t locker th...
2	karimandsugar i told you shane would get his 5th-star on rivals before signing day. taylor_mcneill7
2	mysticvalley mitch are you free on sunday to bale leaves for an hour? if not no big deal you can have them for animals
2	new york giants: game-by-game predictions for the 2nd half of the season
2	c'mon c'mon does sound like queen's we will rock you somehow...
2	pick the chelsea team to play swansea - chelsea's focus now turns back to the premier league and on saturday we make...
2	markukleaf i just had a look and it seems nash to davos is a done deal along with joe thornton. i may have to pay a visit...
2	gov. mitch daniels will announce his indiana supreme court pick at 10 a.m. will the 3rd time be the charm for a female member of the panel?
2	ht: norwich 0-0 spurs. we've edged the 1st half without creating any clear cut chances. bale's had a couple of decent long range efforts.
2	snow may fall for parts of cny the next few days. find out where the best chances will be at 6:42 am on tv &amp; online:
2	cofield draws leadoff walk in top 4th. zaharion at the plate.
2	biebergomeztour aww my celebrity day is this thursday also, going as jennifer hudson though :)
2	sat down to watch michael jackson this is it on dvd xx
2	on the set of the axis of the nigerian economy, airing every tuesday 8:30pm on nta international (dstv)
2	negros and nigglettes, all who would like to attend the a$ap rocky concert on november 17th at starland lemme know tickets are only 25
2	% of joe pa masks at penn state sat? or will psu by allow then in the stadium? is it bad to wear it? espngreeny
2	xbecx92 it may be indian time tonite becky :-) xx
2	sumeetkulkarni season ends with superbowl in first week of february.
2	crazy i was in a meeting with an old nba player that was picked 3rd before larry bird
2	"ilovedoobz: patty_flipping i did, the other new is in today, northern lights......" i get payed tomorrow!
2	just finished rehearsing with dwhy - we are ready for the kendrick lamar show tomorrow, shout outs to wvu...
2	i posted 12 photos on facebook in the album "super sunday wid shobhit bhatia......"
2	$$ black friday deals nikon d3200 24.2 megapixels digital slr camera with 18-55mm nikkor vr lens, black &amp; nikon ...
2	you do not want to miss this tomorrow night. rj is moving to maryland soon, and we have a truly epic set planned...
2	don't forget mitch daniels is going to be on steven colbert's show thursday. think this will come up as a topic?
2	barackobama: i would think you would do that if you are running for potus. it may be part of your job someday.
2	kdbowe but how you gon handle it if you are announcing on super bowl sunday?!! you might put that gold back in yo grill.
2	dapper_dan1988 i have plans to go to cvs before work today and get something. that may be what i get. i'm going to quarantine myself today
2	iphone 5: apple ceo pledges to improve new map app: apple ceo tim cook apologized on friday for the company's er...
2	full moon:oct 29th. you can read more if you have your sun sign in libra, scorpio, sag, cap, aqua or pisces
2	drew peterson may be convicted, but there is still conflict going on whenwillitend localnews chicago
2	wfan660 paterno wouldnt be charged. all hearsay on him and he did do his job (minimal as may be). he reported it. rest is speculation.
2	apple software, retail chiefs out in overhaul: san francisco (reuters) - apple inc ceo tim cook on monday pushed out the powerful hea...
2	i'm hosting the day party spartacus friday from 2-6 and then spy in raleigh that night!
2	"eli manning hopes the giants can uplift the spirits of the millions affected by sandy in ny with their game against the steelers on sunday"
2	_allbelongs2me_ the mccormick place....rite here by the hyatt hotel on like 23rd nd king dr.
2	bbberb not necessarily. in nevada it may help obama because its one less vote for romney. but i know what you mean hah.
2	_sherwood12 he's on the plane to amsterdam now, bet he's not in class tomorrow
2	cold pizza and mass effect 3. i want my leg healed!! going to look up some voodoo shit. i'll be walking, jumping and running tomorrow.
2	channing tatum will be in white oak tomorrow...for all you stalkers out there
2	brett_elliott8 i fly that saturday the 15th from detroit to amsterdam then up to newcastle
2	hulu video game trailers - launch trailer: check out the launch trailer for mass effect 3. added: fri oct 26 00...
2	of course it's aston villa. played them off the park on saturday. bring it on!
2	mohamed nasheed's press brief about coni report - 31 aug 2012: via youtube
2	calling all reality tv fans: we're inviting li reality tv stars to join a google+ hangout on sunday and you can too.
2	dinner in athens with my friend, stevebeuerlein. preparing for our game on seconcbs this saturday. olemiss georgia
2	goatmilkstuff hello. may i ask how did you get on set of castle?
2	can it please be wednesday and potus has been re elected. then we can move this country forward!
2	jacksonville really sound like the move tomorrow
2	hcafc loan keeper ben amos named in the england under-21s side to face azerbaijan next thursday and norway on sept 10.
2	steverattner joenbc morningmika my friends and i are betting joe wets his pants when he sees the whopping mittens will get nov 6
2	me and hayleyrose booked in to see a good day to die hard on february 14 2013 (valentine's day).
2	if you're on the isle of man next thurs, i'll be talking about safe house and signing books at waterstones from 6.30pm. waterstonesiom
2	pbr &amp; mokbpresents bring you jim white at the do317 lounge on october 23rd at 7 pm!
2	on sunday november 4th olympus experts will be on hand at the currys store in cambridge. from 10:30am until...
2	harry redknapp is set to hold talks over the blackburn job on tuesday as he prepares for a return to management (mail)
2	supremejuice_ go to the bell game tomorrow i'll take you for. a littlle whippa
2	so many choices of gigs this saturday night. the ibb at the rugby club (which one, there are two up twmpath?) and...
2	multiplexer how does it compare to diablo iii (regardless of how fair that comparison may be)?
2	last hectic day in office b4 3 weeks in asia. 1st to ifeat in singapore. then taiwan, hk, china.then 3 wks of jet lag!gets to me every time!
2	anonymous asked: just realized while watchin fri-end that the youtube account that uploaded the video is...
2	slap shot: nash, back from injury, skates for davos: rick nash of the new york rangers returned to action in switzerland on tuesday.
2	i've got 2 tickets to see leonard cohen in rosemont, il on november 23 that i can't use. anyone interested? face value is about $300.
2	i'm far too stressed about finishing this essay for tomorrow, so i shall minimise it and play temple run. problemsolved
2	my mufc xi for super sunday: de gea, rafa, rio, evans, evra, clevz, nani, young, roo, chicha, rvp. what about you?
2	if cundiff would've made the field goal sunday, i could've been eatin' a free 6in sub at subway for lunch!
2	dirty jim had to close that one out. if not, he may have started hearing comparisons to cundiff in this town.
2	after the mid tennessee vs. western kentucky game, i hear they're gonna play the 2nd annual ogalla, nebraska snail chuckin' pageant.
2	i'm going to bullet for my valentine at o2 academy glasgow in glasgow, united kingdom - mar 13
2	it's friday and the soul train is firmly parked in pri for the soul show on the radio, c'mon perth get your requests in for the next hour :)
2	next tuesday is d2's chocolate day! with halloween right around the corner, this is sure to curb your candy craving:
2	who's on google+? we want you to participate in a live google+ hangout with animalsense next wed 10/24 at...
2	why does everyone want to give eli manning credit for every win. the truth is sunday's game should have been a blowout.
2	charles dickens may just have been me in another life. thisisme
2	real america will stand up for itself on tuesday and make it count. mitt is ready to lead us out of our jimmy carter funk we're in
2	lancefischel5 dana asked when chael started his job with fox and chael response was oct 1st on fuel tv
2	hmm, i think i am living the movie ground hog day, grandma jan and isaac are back again this weekend
2	nfl news: new york giants: game-by-game predictions for the 2nd half of the season football nfl nfceast
2	$$ black friday deals olympus om-d e-m5 16mp live mos interchangeable lens camera with 3.0-inch tilting oled tou...
2	wednesday and thursdays will be a struggle at work once the champions league resumes *gmt +1*
2	also need to be at least accredated in act or rebt before the end of 4th yr.
2	played dishonored (360), darksiders 2 (360) and mass effect 3 (360) in the last 24 hours.
2	chargers may go 8-8 but that will make playoffs in afc... nfc teams must win 10 games! fact! mikehillespn mortreport edwerderespn pti
2	late halloween party next saturday &amp; going as thriller michael jackson, is it to controversial to hold a baby doll too?
2	on monday i go back to my old job for the fourth time. my life is the groundhog day movie.
2	harry redknapp is being heavily linked with the position as blackburn manager today. however, qpr may have begun courting him already...
2	monta ellis / ellis had just two points on 1-of-11 shooting on friday against nba
2	if any baltimore team mascots come up missing 1st person of interest should be billy cundiff! or the redskins mascot is taken blame him!
2	no youth tomorrow. come to fall festival. also, this sunday high school will attend main service with the adults for super sunday!
2	low-fat oasis - edmonton sun: low-fat oasisedmonton sunpoor noel gallagher -- up there all alone with his new ba...
2	i need a shower and to start getting ready but i'm just sat in bed blogging and watching celebrity juice
2	estou ouvindo brown eyes live friday show with jonathan ross - lady gaga via lastfm
2	fueltv danaehite what about holland?! 'countdown to ufc 153: silva vs. bonnar' debuts tuesday on fuel tv
2	buenos aires--argentina late wednesday approved a law to lower the legal voting age to 16 in a move that could s ...
2	.:aubig black leather camera case bag pouch case with strap for olympus om-d omd em5 e-m5 cyber monday deals
2	man, i am going to change my vote based on axl rose's opinion said no one ever. politico: c'mon man
2	immortaltech dublin this saturday... gotta get on the guinness!!
2	on thursday, as britney spears, jennifer hudson, halle berry and others paid tribute to the singer at the nokia theatre in los angeles.
2	endofwatch with kjc_4 ,six flags in the am,then ufc on fuel tv,waffle house late at night w/ z, church&amp;ultimate on sunday, heckyeah
2	loanwatch: ben amos (hull city) into extra time 1-1, in the 1st round of the league cup.
2	michael jackson bad 25 will air november 22 on abc. make sure you watch it! :)
2	fifa is weird sometimes: you may remember the fifa 12 video where andy carroll starting trying to hump iker casi...
2	anonymous asked: would we have a chance at seeing you for topless tuesday?
2	hey nevada tweeps remember tomorrow is the last day for early voting! ready, set &amp; vote! justdoit!
2	observers from un, eu, cw, send to coni , according to this observers what the maldivian have seen live and on tvs on 7 feb are day dream,
2	amazon has opened an online store for black friday 22 days before the shopping event is scheduled to take place.
2	i may have done a dumb thing, but it's out there now. my new, long term goal: the challenge
2	chicago: go see tiffanyj_curtis: lovesgotaholdonme sat october 27th 7p at the haroldwashingonculcntr 47th &amp; king dr.
2	a three-month-old boy was found abandoned at a platform of the chhatrapati shivaji terminus (cst) on saturday night.
2	boogie song of the day...oh ricky martin: que mas da happy sunday 2 everyone recovering from halloween party hangovers
2	sad to say knutsfordlitfest nearly at an end. fantastic event last night with michael portillo. last event tomorrow with charles dickens.
2	clownpeople yeah your game against the ravens was a thursday night game. im sure you will pull for the giants these next 2 games
2	echelleprakash 1st its like imma play headlock, and then safe and sound, and now you gonna play all star. hmmmm
2	redskins defenders stephen bowen, barry cofield and rob jackson swarm manning on 1st down! cofield and jackson credited with sack! httr
2	cabri johnytyh close early on thanksgiving eve. decorate like the dickens. thanksgiving day off! boom. store all christmas for friday.
2	no wonder treysongz coming here the 21st of nov cause he got soul train the 25th
2	you going to rugby practice on sunday somethingisayalot
2	dive deep into the worlds of stefan struve and stipe miocic leading to their fuel tv main event this saturday.
2	i'm pretty sure bill o'brien has gone for it on 4th down more in one season than paterno did his entire career.
2	the painting project continues today and is to be completed on nov 10 and 17. please join coni in partnering to give back to the community.
2	if anyone wants to go to the duke game saturday with the kershaw county clemson club please inbox me!
2	heavy rain over parts of ne. some showers in cny. any sun? how about the weekend? your forecast first at 4am on nbc-3!
2	$$ black friday deals olympus om-d e-m5 digital camera - black - with olympus 12-50mm f/3.5-5.6 ez zoom lens - b...
2	20 june 2012, out european tour party drove the fabulous road from davos to stelvio. this is the last little bit...
2	join us this thursday for the introduction to our dramatic reading of charles dickens's a christmas carol. 11/1 6-7pm.
2	just added a google+ hangout to the schedule--see you on november 21?! details here:
2	pullinglinemen i'm amazed you keep coming up with new names for the league. may want to consider formatting phil's gotw though.
2	we're playing with jim white on tuesday! static on the radio por favor? via byt jamminjava jimsuperwhite dcshows
2	i just voted for 1st lady to be on coast 2 coast mixtape 224 hosted by kendrick lamar! messengerlady7
2	look steelers fans i know you may be upset about suisham missing that kick. just know that i heard a guy named billy cundiff is available.
2	oh, and for those still fellating harry redknapp, we went out in the 3rd round against stoke last season. remember that?
2	a round-up of friday's world cup qualifiers as fabio capello's russia beat portugal and sweden edge past the faroes
2	the ambition of nadal, the knees of ena sharples and the liver of george best. my recipe for saturday tennis. 5-7 5-7
2	we're thinking of running on the australia day weekend in january. is this a good or bad idea?
2	new music: bruno mars- young girls: if you watched bruno mars on saturday night live then you may have caught h...
2	i think the last timw i went trick or treating was probably in the 5th grade. i dress up as avril lavigne! i was obsessed with her back then
2	aston villa midfielder karim el ahmadi will miss saturday's trip to sunderland through suspension following his fifth booking of the season.
2	mainland police repatriate wanted fugitives to taiwan: police on the chinese mainland on thursday repatriated 10...
2	saphila +1500 people in the superbowl at sun city to "discover" how to help "africa run like never before"
2	favouritemoviequotes "after all, tomorrow is another day!" bill murray, groundhog day
2	watching kentucky all access makes me want it to be monday
2	bornin_asia no because asia told me it was the 14th and now its to late .
2	when "columbus" shoots bill murray in zombieland it may be one of the funniest things ever.
2	poland criticize the 18th amendment. the new frame has been opened. none of the topic was on that earlier. uprlka
2	if cmpunk holds the wwe title until the royal rumble, he will have held the title for 434 days. making him the 6th longest reign...
2	victor cruz said tuesday that his agent and the giants have "agreed on the structure" of a new contract. profootballtalk nfl espnfantasy
2	longharryimagine imagine it's a friday night and you find yourself watching the notebook, again. you just (cont)
2	join phil on november 8 at the better software east conference in orlando where he'll be speaking on how to...
2	pacino to play paterno in bio film coming out soon. this will mark pacino's 2nd film with the phrase, "say hello to my little friend."
2	lea_glee_glam canadaluvsadam yes these are the submissions to be considered by grammys. in december they announce the actual nominees.
2	got revenge on the mind? niners host giants in nfc championship rematch tomorrow! score last minute tix here:
2	blake griffin poster dunk over kendrick perkins (6ft.10) in hd (jan. 30) that's why you roll after a pick.
2	interview on vow fm tomorrow morning... do tune in and hear the kid out!!! cc vowfm ewbwits
2	rumor: blackhawks may have traded niklas hjalmarsson to the oilers for sam gagner. stay tuned.
2	analysis: daniels made the right court pick: gov. mitch daniels said friday he appointed tippecanoe county superior...
2	takaflocka_ all i'm saying is we're playing 4 june not nov/dec. getting the kinks out now cuz come june well be there mini lin
2	rbusch17: the anaheim ducks are interested in sam gagner of the edmonton oilers. could be part of a trade for the ducks 1st round pick
2	lets be real even wit are d injured, flacco fuckin up, doin bad on the road, &amp; are d playin like shit we still 2nd best team in afc ravens
2	bucksadschool morning with homeless men evening with charles dickens's great great granddaughter standard day with 1st yrs at bucksadschool
2	did you get a full, part-time job or internship offer? let us know! signing day tomorrow in lbjsc amphitheater-tell where you will work!
2	dirty_platano giox420 nigga i'm stoned i just got back from a blunt ride thur boxford nd georgetown smokinggreat
2	it's like groundhog day. 2nd day here. ( chirping chicken)
2	remember everyone out there: all you members of anonymous, you rebels, you supporters of the gunpowder plot: wear your mask november 5th.
2	working the celebrity power106 game saturday at calstate la $12 at the door. gonna be with kendrick lamar, rick ross, clyde carson, ect.
2	steelernation send our boys 2 the 2013 nfl pro bowl. via nfl ur vote actually counts, unlike the nov 6th election.
2	love is like michael jackson's 8th nose .. you'll never understand it
2	sat next to a black guy on a train, when niggas in paris came on... had to turn it up !
2	come out and join us for the sia trek or treat, october 27th! it's a fundraiser for the safe house!
2	nine pin bird rock race (2nd race in the duke of marlborough hotel series) postponed 24 hours to sunday 4 november, still 10 am start.
2	danferdm on the tv it said nikon was closed tomorrow ten it disappeared....but did we have english hw?
2	hollypaterson_x was playing temple run earlier, was thinkin of you and i in 6th year xo
2	apple software, retail chiefs out in overhaul: san francisco (reuters) - apple inc ceo tim cook on monday replaced the heads of its s...
2	cebu's original lechon belly in parkmall joins the bazaar in it park next fri.-nov 9. taste the boneless lechon belly the way it was created
2	jay paterno, former penn state assistant football coach and son of joe paterno, said sunday night that he was at an event when a...
2	matt_weck i've only just begun! i miss putting in 10 hour shifts on 3rd floor paterno... not really though.
2	nadal confirmed for mexican open in february: rafael nadal is set to play at the mexican open in february,... tennis
2	that means we'll know thursday morning if taylorswift13 won for her 'safe and sound' duet with thecivilwars!!!
2	mustlovespark coverdog5 jukakooikerjack we will take pictures. mom said we might have to do it friday night as we will be at grammys sat
2	anonymous asked you: you remind me of wednesday adams.
2	i want jenelle to come over tomorrow. i need someone to watch netflix and eat mac &amp; cheese with..
2	playing indianapolis this saturday at the white rabbit, with ko and street spirits - gotta go to this one!
2	britain may be in for a new bout of flooding in the coming months, the environment agency warns, as 6 oxon waterways remain on flood alert.
2	liamgib we've got the sponsor form and box on our desks. i think becky is going to send an email tomorrow.
2	"i'm not mexican on cinco de mayo, i'm not black in feb &amp; i'm not chinese on the chinese new year so you're not irish on st. patrick's day."
2	cheaper carbon replaces silicon in solar panels: tweet washington, nov 1 (ians) researchers have built the first...
2	now watching denzel washington talking about his new movie flight it's comming out nov 2nd 2012 lateshow with david letterman
2	lufbrarugby durfc - chaps , i'm still working on the pix from saturday v blaydon. should be uploaded later tonight- phil
2	music picks: r. kelly, leonard cohen, cat power: fri 11/2 grace potter &amp; the nocturnals the wiltern if anyone should...
2	bacana1 mtwingoz: the baltimore sun reporting that the redskins have just cundiff-ed billy cundiff"
2	ligue 1: nadal watches as psg go top: paris st germain went to the top of ligue 1 on saturday after a kevin game...
2	pacino might play paterno in the psu movie. it'll be the 2nd movie in his career w/ the phrase "say hello to my little friend." scarfacial
2	come watch will ferrell and zach galifanakis duke it out in the campaign this thursday at midnight!
2	i just may be the only person who still play temple run
2	steelers will travel to new york on sunday for giants game: the pittsburgh steelers face the new york giants on ...
2	thattallguydj you going to the bell game tomorrow.?
2	blksportsonline i wrote this earlier, do you agree that kg may be a less likeable ray lewis?
2	i want to go watch denzel's new movie tomorrow! someone take meeeeeeeeeee.
2	downloading different versions of the greek alphabet song to listen to on repeat on a thursday night.. this is my life now..
2	buzzer beater jump shot by parker. on a primetime thursday game...no way that can happen! how great is the nba?!?!
2	milk chocolate day is tomorrow. are you ready to celebrate!?
2	shout out to all the girls who will be taking the walk of shame into cvs tomorrow to by a plan b dressinglikeaslutcomeswithaprice
2	australia day t20 international to kick-start the ultimate australia day long weekend anzstadium sat 26 jan:
2	championship: team news: bellamy in frame for cardiff: all the team news from saturday's championship... mogganaut
2	omg, bullet for my valentine are coming to the netherlands march 21th. i might attend that one too :p
2	and if you're from maryland, early voting has been extended until tomorrow at 9pm. please go vote!
2	c'mon cam and the panthers! u r the missing link in my quinfecta weekend. hard to do...app win, unc win, state loss, dook loss, panther win
2	free hugging day?tapos may free kissing day? o.o kailan na ang malanday? emmieismahname annabananaftw
2	was ready to tune in and watch my thursday night comedy on channel 4 and then the tv guide tells me "the voice" is on...dammit.
2	thursday morning freestyles. im the rap game white larry bird
2	jayharveyuk cassieheath83 next sunday is penciled. the harveys meet the lawson-mckennas for a royal rumble.
2	pierce the veilrt fazachary: miss may irt abityab: lagu demen bullet for my valentine, hbu ??
2	ben said bicester was full of chavs, well i'm currently sat with last years cast of jeremy kyle. uh hypocritical much?
2	bay area heads! i'll be on the piano at yoshi's san fran this sunday playing with the one n only dwight trible -
2	adam levine strikes a pose for photographers outside of the late show with david letterman on thursday (october 25) in new york city
2	still writing on christmas and new year.... still. and i'll be writing about valentine's day in december dafuzz
2	ac milan reportedly want miralem pjanic to join the san siro in january footballfanatic
2	"even when you've bought your 6th investment home with harry styles and sakina calls niall 'sayang' or 'abang' cause they kahwined" omf
2	who to the bell game tomorrow though
2	new live sound webinar tomorrow at 10 pst with paul david hager (goo goo dolls, avril lavigne, devo) - register now at
2	someone should come with me to noel fielding on saturday night because noel fielding, basically please iwillcry
2	ps4rs if i had the nerve, i'd buy all joe pa cutouts middletown campus n go to 2nd n maclay to sneak them in gov mansion gates...
2	nothing is going to change between now and wednesday. if acta has went this long w/o being canned, might as well finish the season w/him.
2	"avril lavigne is having a concert tomorrow night in the park. sonic's opening for her. you wanna come?"
2	pvoelkel in your defense,my love of dickens' original may be regarded unnecessarily high in my eyes because of the history i have with it
2	tonight!!! (wed)--mike 'slo-mo' brenner solo opening for jim white at tin angel. 8pm. c'mon out!!...
2	dtn kazakhstan: : capello ill tweak lineup for azerbaijan gamecoach fabio capello said monday he will tweak the ...
2	spending my last night in indianapolis with my mom and cousin. headed to idaho tomorrow!
2	aaron_lw well i'm currently on holiday in portugal coming home tomorrow then going to poland on tuesday for a holocaust memorial trip!
2	about to watch the 2nd half of season 2 of breaking bad on my long flight to hong kong buzzin
2	cheaper carbon replaces silicon in solar panels: washington, nov 1 (ians) researchers have built the first solar...
2	today was national kissing day, i'll have to make up for the loss tomorrow
2	tomorrow is the last day for early voting here in nevada, if you havent already go vote!! dont wait til tues. to do so...
2	taiwan wins visa free travel to us: six taiwanese tourists arrived in new york on thursday as the first from the...
2	so i thought yesterday was tuesday. i'm thinking today will be a little like the movie ground hog day.
2	we do not live in ground hog day, we don't live with a victim mentality, today b rough but tomorrow won't be the same el leadership
2	remember last new years and i sat there for 2 hours watching kasabian live at the o2
2	new glory gang music janet at the superbowl on soundcloud
2	[info] taetiseo will perform on "love in asia" tomorrow (11/02) at 02:30pm (kst), kbs will broadcast the concert on 13 november at 07:30pm
2	game day.. arsenal ladies vs turbine potsdam.. champions league last 16 1st leg.. get down and support the gooners..!! uwcl alfc
2	video game trailers - launch trailer: check out the launch trailer for mass effect 3. added: fri oct 26 00:11:11...
2	nikon has once again proven it's a small world after all with the latest ... - herald sun
2	come out on monday to watch the woman in black w/ the model un! free entry! concessions w/ donation!! ssu
2	lindalukita chinese? on top of the international holidays, we have chinese new year eve,chinese new year (day 1&amp; 2),chap goh mei (15th day)
2	domeqwwfv1 may be its true becouse triple h arm has broken for reel or may be he will come back at the royal rumble
2	totally curious with dream high 2.. wanna watch this drama asap! wanna compare it with the 1st one.. still theres a loooooooong holiday (y)
2	who's going to israel this saturday?!
2	iran army monitoring all ships in gulf: tehran, oct 28: a senior commander of the islamic revolution guard corps...
2	soul train 70's halloween party sat oct 27 adv tixx $10 - $15 wt out costume $20 at the door...
2	taylor swift to co-host grammys with ll cool j: new york, oct 30 (ani): taylor swift has been chosen to present ...
2	stephyyboo15 lol. maybe friday since i'm going to georgetown.
2	jklittle6 next thursday or friday they play maryland in new york for the first real game
2	thursday nights just wont be the same without waterloo road
2	harden got 25pts in the 3rd. damn, maybe lin and harden can get my rockets to the playoffs.
2	community, cougar town, friday night lights, glee, mad men, modern family, six feets under, skins, terra nova o the wire???
2	land conservation announcement monday: gov. mitch daniels and lt. gov. becky skillman will make a lan... nashville
2	ryan reynolds may be back for a prequel or sequel to safe house, with or without denzel washington. script is in the works.
2	the two lukes (austen and dickens) playing at nelson bay diggers club this friday 2/11. go check 'em out if you live in the area..
2	1st official release on stripesrecords is out now! eott2 with rmx's from haze &amp; northern lights + instrumentals!
2	lots of rumors out there. oilers are said to want leopold/adam/3rd, sekera/pysyk/2nd, sekera/adam, leopold/adam for sam gagner. who knows??
2	second last show of the season, 19th annual gift of art, with the artists of the kanata civic art gallery. stop in!
2	come meet members of the "1980 dawgs" in athens this weekend at the red zone! friday, 3pm - 6pm: coach vince...
2	victor cruz isnt himself today........i know he'll get it together in the 2nd half
2	oh man i thought the deadline for act was tomorrow i have until the 9th bless
2	1st movie of the night: the vow
2	tts will participate in the "love in asia" tomorrow (2/11) at 2:30pm(kst).kbs will broadcast the program on 3/11 at 7:30pm(kst) on kbs world
2	milan-genoa: 22 rossoneri: milanello - 22 players have been called up for milan-genoa tomorrow at the san siro s...
2	cass_tar is addicted to act. she just took one on saturday. and she just signed up for a third test.
2	not that i want to tip my hand... but there will be moves in both portfolio's tomorrow morning at 8:35 am (cst) home run and follow the $$
2	for second time, eagles make stop -- and commit a penalty. pi on kendricks gives atl another 1st down. groundhog day lives.
2	watched muse on the jonathan ross show last night and promptly had nightmares about screwing everything up on wednesday! eeeeek!
2	morgwolfe jillianlucas3 mack_mays movies friday night! "flight" with denzel washington!!! don't make plans because i just made plans!!!
2	ac milan reportedly want miralem pjanic to join the san siro in january (source: corriere dello sport) transfertalk
2	pictures of overdoser 1st anniversary party at safe house thonglor are online! check it out!
2	busted t_m_birch caught out celebrating the 1st'a cup win with andy carroll and joe hart beer jager
2	patwgr if they are still looking for a center, they may want to inquire about sam gagner. edmonton needs d.
2	top ten strikers who are on the premier league's january wishlist via footballfancast
2	police surgery fri for penygraig residents at the boys&amp;girls club 9am 11am, pop along and meet your local officer md
2	would you like to see cornerback champ bailey play in his twelfth pro bowl this january? 2013 pro bowl voting...
2	taking a litre of fizzy, flavoured water to bed tonight, super sunday is gonna result in a mouth like ghandi's flip flop! gacky rank beer
2	ben_higham we put a 2nd team out and get beat and you go rafa ... behave ben !! you sound like a wool calling for rafa
2	city game at the ravens stadium saturday at noon 10 dollars to get in i will be there who else going?
2	pa9o9 nov 25 at the san siro. i pray we would've gotten back our rhythm before then or we'll get embarrased.
2	aston villa line up january bid for danish midfielder: aston villa are reportedly monitoring the availability of...
2	photos: rihanna crowned carnaval queen: pop superstar visited the greystone manor supperclub wednesday night and was...
2	dubstephh_ down to blaze with joe and i tomorrow?
2	at a live basketball fantasy draft...sort of. i got the 7th pick. got melo, monta ellis, iguodala and ibaka so far
2	beystanfolife2 yea i say, mid january for a new single. right in time for the superbowl&amp; video at the end of january leading into superbowl
2	5th floor paterno with nessa_sassy nellybeee_ frecklejuice93...promise we're going to be productive from now on.
2	for the french fan of roblowe the tvmovie : drew peterson : untouchable will be broadcasted thusday 16 october at 2:55 pm on tf1 !
2	so i asked a diehard fsu fan about the game against dook on sat &amp; they are kinda worried about coach cut &amp; his coastal division leading team
2	if you built ford tough or built like ray lewis on a sunday in full pads, take yo ass somewhere and get some sweat pants or baggy jeans.
2	new jeremy kyle starts monday, you bitch i'm back to school then!!
2	pentagon open to more than just blackberry? ios and android may make an appearance.
2	i think it got eaten by a grue.- pc friday - diablo iii (ptr patch 1.05) |
2	a leonard cohen and jeff buckley album just in time for black friday? buymethat
2	dasme i have a couple, of jets games, but they're from the end of the season. wish i'd kept more of dec. also, i have the sam gagner game.
2	all aboard... 1st flight to hong kong then off to the uk from there.. tweet_yah_later
2	looks like rooney, rvp, rio, evra, giggs and young will all be rested tomorrow. expecting a few of the youngsters to feature. mufc
2	anyone wanna tell me why us trending says bon jovi performed at the grammys. aren't they in feb?
2	my photos up at photoplus and the olympus booth. come out and say hello! ill be here till saturday.
2	what if the world could vote on nov 6? france leads the obama camp, including britain, peru, turkey, india among others
2	so kendrick lamar 1st week projected sales iz 242k. that's wassup for an artist different from the norm to do those kind of numbers.
2	signing day this friday for fdahs. hate the school but i love my senior class, we be on.
2	amazon has deals on home theater items on during the countdown to black friday.
2	friday is the last day to early vote in maryland. i'm4q6. please join me and vote for question 6. votefor6
2	cryerrovers any truth in this interview with harry redknapp tomorrow?
2	just finished watching "the vow" for the 5th time.
2	i'm determined to watch the vow tomorrow, i still haven't seen it!
2	bethfishreads do you have chocolate? sunday is national chocolate day.
2	have you ever forgotten to get a valentine's present? your chance at feb 17 bonjovi tix coming up! benandkerryshow
2	[pagasa] 6:39am intermittent light to occasionally moderate rains over southern portions of negros, cebu &amp; bohol may persist for the next...
2	apple ceo apologizes for error-ridden new map app: apple ceo tim cook apologized friday for the co... coreformulas
2	jimmy kimmel live - axl rose, part 1: part 1 of jimmy kimmel's interview with axl rose.added: thu oct 25 11:02:2...
2	watch live queen of the south vs edinburgh cit
2	sophia grace and rosie look back at highlights from their long singing career (it's their 1st anniversary on...
2	continued assault - indianapolis faces a tough miami defense this sunday, one that ranks third in the league in yard...
2	amyknelson groundhog day? he just keeps seeing jt snow rounding 3rd over and over and over and over...marlinsmysteryfanrevealed
2	team_hazza1d i'm going over to britain and ireland's next top mode and jls are performing on the monday and that's the day i was supposed
2	1st time i've seen eleanor respond to hate o.o she seems to sweet to say 1 mean thing!
2	egypt&amp;039;s new president mohamed morsi on monday described the relationship between the u.s. and egypt as some ...
2	going to healthy kids day: cover the kids ... at boys &amp; girls club - teichert branch on sat, nov 3
2	wow .. this is the clip of dublin's sunday times journo paul kimmage confronting lance armstrong : - youtube
2	carlsbergsports would the bar be showing pittsburgh steelers v new york giants on sunday night?
2	jeremy lin may have a lil chinese wiener, but he still gets hard4harden
2	cupid and psyche isn't an original greek myth. it was a story in the golden ass by apuleius and often cited as the 1st fairy tale.
2	we have a member who needs a ride to the doctor in indianapolis early monday morning. could you be the answer to...
2	uk: chrisewan's safe house is only 99 pence on kindle today - a steal! get it or the audiobook now. (will not work for us - us pub in dec)
2	lo3o2 oh iight i can dig it but how you going to act tomorrow night tho younging ?
2	police: you have the right to remain silent. what ever you say may be hel against you me: harry styles
2	the emmys are the unwatched awards show: in february, the grammy awards show blew through the... entertainment oc
2	beating the retreat ceremony is conducted on the evening of january 29, the third day after the republic day. facts
2	art on the town friday november 2: 6 brand new locations!
2	juventus_fc_fan camurria10 can't really remember but i think it was capello's 2nd and we started with 9 or 10 wins and ended with chimenti
2	it is saturday after all. question - is giroud the new torres? and superbowl switches to comerica park for game 3. where?
2	liverpool looking to activate demba ba's 7m buy out clause with andy carroll going the other way in january
2	obamanewpromises chinese new year will replace the 4th of july as our independence day holiday
2	ibelieb4justin yea!! and i know the most people going to those places!! i think only hk and taiwan are going on thursday.
2	coni is still looking for volunteers for the painting project that is expected to be completed on saturday, november 10 and november 17.
2	remember the "4th round prospect" that made people question iupati's ability at senior bowl? nfldraftscout geno
2	q3 0:54. eli manning pass intended for victor cruz intercepted by danny mccray at the dallas 35 returned for no gain. 1st &amp; 10.
2	westhamjoe again it was a thurs watching nadal game and tried to type ffs...
2	mattlduff not sure what to say. i guess we'll all be happy when nov 6 passes. i'll support whoever is next potus. but obv want romney.
2	danstapleton diablo iii post-1.0.4 was very generous. they had an immediate "maintenance" after the 1st 24 hours. generosity gone. *shrug*
2	to follow up on last tweet, bills dt kyle williams expected to play sunday. just resting the ankle during the week.
2	thats like the 5th time the texans hit the ball so flacco can't throw it
2	raw 1,000: rock to get a wwe championship match at the royal rumble this january
2	bumper day for jonathancape in telegraphmag tomorrow - extract from new tom wolfe + sylvie simmons on leonard cohen
2	eh... first day chinese new year is feb 10th...
2	april &amp; i are having dinner in jacksonville tomorrow night with milford &amp; the future mrs. milford! flighttimeradio sebringlsa13
2	eric adelson with the slam: "(flacco) looked more like blaine gabbert than eli manning on sunday." ravens
2	wonder if chris christie can cancel valentine's day and move it to april..flowers are cheaper!
2	noquivering skepchicks i'm everyday dressed up with my spartacus costume. so, if you miss this halloween, we may catch up anytime!
2	camurphy i'm heading off to hong kong next thursday. spending the remaining time with my folks before i go. will really miss edi
2	54) a bro is required to go out with his bros on st. paddys day and other bro holidays like halloween nye and desperation day feb 13th
2	whiteyvdaprince ya but my dad is most likely taking it to san fran tomorrow :/
2	not to be overlooked by sandy, a summery mid-upper 70s with sunshine today in cny. record high of 79 set in buffalo. more warmth friday!
2	taiwan court extends ex-leader's jail term - taipei: taiwan's high court said friday it has extended ex-leader chen ...
2	crazy how sports economics have changed. larry bird's rookie deal was 5 yrs, $3.25 m total. 6th pick damian lillard will make $3 m this yr.
2	drew peterson is no longer untouchable! tune in for the lifetime original movie sunday at 7/6c on lifetimetv:
2	blgj0e saltandhepper preview of the nfc championship game sunday?! i'm feelin' an offensive shootout hahaha vikes cards gameoftheweek
2	it has been at least three months since i've heard an lmfao song. give it another month or two and i may once again venture outside.
2	should i have an engagement party? any who.. san francisco this weekend then... i officially move to colorado on the 13th.
2	bamberwove haha if it gets to serious you may wanna call the original ghost hunter... bill murray ghostbusters
2	championship: team news: bellamy in frame for cardiff: all the team news from saturday's championship game... boro
2	we thought we'd never see the day - axl rose does 1st tv interview in 20 yrs and shows up on time! watch:
2	finna hit the grammys tomorrow then ima finna go thug it with honeylkcocaine live in my stomping grounds in the ie! grittygrindn
2	the ravens release their first injury report of the week on wednesday. sounds like it will be loaded with names:
2	friday nite after the dwc reading raided sound garden...3 dvds &amp; a cd 4 $20! cruising home 2 raphael sadiq. friday note in cny.
2	_bertab_ ask jenelle if i can use da car on da 29th den ill take you
2	if the deal between sabres/oilers is gagner and a 3rd for sekera and adam. i would think the deal would be done tomorrow, no reason to wait.
2	miami going into msg tomorrow night and gonna embarrass the knicks
2	judybuenviaje good morning, hong kong! meme pa ang kasama ko, may headache :( what's the jap resto again in lkf other than ippudo?
2	syrian delegation withdrew from 1st session of the non-aligned movement summit in iran as mohamed morsi addressed syria crisis
2	ben amos is on the bench for the england u21s. as they take on serbia in the 2nd leg of their play-off for the euros.
2	avril is still working on her 5th album. she's in the studio with from the black eyed peas.
2	7pts 4 assts for harden in the 1st quarter... him and lin gon play aight together
2	grooves (2300 pierce) this friday sept28th kendrick perkins nba back to camp party with kdtrey5 and okc teammates |
2	oceanaswansea is it true lmfao are there tomorrow ??
2	uefa women's champions league update, including yael_averbuch scoring in a game with lots of americans:
2	20 countries to attend iranplast 2012 expo: tehran - the 8th edition of the iranplast exhibition will open on ...
2	nominations are now open for the citizen of the year awards held on australia day. three categories. close nov 30. see:
2	i recorded some diablo iii. and i will edit and upload it tomorrow
2	even though i already know how it ends... im watching the cmas tomorrow just to see blake drunk
2	agiamba capello had a draw in his 4th game with juve in the serie a (2004/2005).
2	wiz52 yes, dickens tomorrow night indeed. seanpeterbudge you too. charles dickens tavern on collins st. get there 45mins+ before ko.
2	the sale of the season hosted by lucky magazine with grammy winner jennifer hudson, starts november 1st at 82mercer
2	don;t forget to go the cvs tomorrow and get the viagara. we both know you need all the encouragement you can get!!!dreams and visions boo:(
2	dalken with rbi single to rf scores cofield from second. jags lead 11-3 with 2 out in the 9th. troy pitching change coming up.
2	patiencemaddox hey! are you going to noel fielding with us on friday?
2	jeffmarek perron? really? gagner is no comparison. perron=1st liner gagner=3rd liner. one 8 pt game and people forget that he is a bum????
2	line up at yyt to check in longer than a tims lineup on a monday morning after the super bowl sunday!
2	castle 5x06 sneak peek 3. (season 5 episode 6) hahahahaha is it monday yet?
2	nick diaz getting the start at pk for the 2nd straight week.
2	lauren goodger may reportedly be in training for the next series of dancing on ice, but that doesn't seem to have stopped her from ha...
2	i should've been guarding parker on that last play. he may have scored but i bet i would've been on the right side of the court.
2	anyway, i'll be looking the other way tonight. as you may have guessed, i'm going to a halloween party as joe paterno.
2	afc travel to blackpool this sunday to take on bathroom soultion in the lfa 3rd round, ko 11am at squires gate fc. blackandwhitearmy
2	nta viewers 7:00am on other tues 10,000 the viewers on this tues 7:00 50,000000
2	flight with denzel washington comes out tomorrow &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;
2	early bird tomcole24 catches the strava fail. cyclingsam9 bosses lscc club run sat in spartacus flemings, wheel all day.
2	quiz tomorrow: plot elements in "the challenge"... our current short story from the reading triumphs textbook. knighteng6
2	saw two bill boards with christmas on them and cvs had candy for christmas, 22 more days til black friday
2	cianaf capello had poor english in his first press conference and used a translator,by 1st game he spoke fine. cost isnt' an issue trapout
2	wisin &amp; yandel record song with ricky martin, jlotimes of indiathe reggaeton duo wisin &amp; yandel announced monday...
2	clemson plans to honor lattimore on saturday night. they are dedicating the final play of the duke game to him, when they take a knee.
2	anyone watching the davos game? someone told me nash may have hurt his shoulder. better not be true!
2	and tomorrow is the day that david guetta will come to play at fort canning.
2	lightweight might go to the royal rumble in phoenix in january
2	check out the senior bowl's 1st "scouter's delight":
2	nasheed, you have endorsed coni report today. please don't change your mind tomorrow
2	san antonio cyber: cyberspace the new battlefield in tehran's war - vancouver sun
2	realizing tomorrow is friday&gt;&gt;&gt; then realizing you have bellamy first thing in the morning&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;
2	nov 1, las vegas massage gift certificates - las vegas massage gift certificates for the best massage anywhere in s...
2	settingt the closing line o/u at superbowl for bagatelle shaded under, line may move to jan 1st
2	denzel washington &amp; brian geraghty gear up for one heck of a ride in this exclusive clip from flight! see it tomorrow.
2	and tomorrow swindon town have a date with aston villa. villa- fans nervous? stfc
2	watch out for nigeria 52 gej pre recorded speech tomorrow live from the tape via nta. omojuwa
2	didnt the 49ers learn from the nfc championship game back in january?
2	gsyellin i don't think cny will be hit too hard, but it may be utilized if there are any power outages newhousesm4
2	q1 5:30. alex smith pass to kyle williams to the san francisco 38 for 6 yards. 1st &amp; 10.
2	drewpeterson are you missing drew peterson yet? lifetime is re-airing the movie this sunday. it stars *gasp* rob lowe as peterson
2	meet the man making a documentary defending joe paterno: (he may look familiar)
2	finished signing up for the sat and act
2	monta ellis : "we can be between the 4th and the 6th place in the east"
2	2012 nfl week 9 odds: the ravens a slight favorite on the road against the browns on sunday afternoon.
2	so plan for tomorrow, morning jits with frankie and tom, open mat drilling and specific train with my great friends then pho
2	we has our first meet in london from 1-4pm saturday, 3/11/12 then we have one in belgium on the 8/11/12 which is 11-2pm be there!
2	tom hanks and bill murray may be the two people i would most like to meet. well, them and scarlett johansen. different reasons though...
2	n vow is likely to return from a midsummer break in the prix de royallieu at longchamp on saturday.: trainer wil...
2	hulu jimmy kimmel live - axl rose, part 1: part 1 of jimmy kimmel's interview with axl rose.added: thu oct 25 1...
2	jason wu - lace, bandeau tops, harnesses and the debut of his 4th bag line, the carolyn jasonwu nyfw
2	mebebree from december 26th to january 26th. nyc until the 1st, nc and then fl.
2	knicks vs heat tomorrow. kicking off the season at msg.
2	last saturday, your phbmates in cebu, all performed some of britney's hits! basing on this picture, you'll have...
2	indians fire manager acta with six games left: the cleveland indians fired manager manny acta on thursday, endin...
2	giovannirbmg i told you what me n asia din already but sunday we cud hit earth
2	i have played through mass effect 3 16times and just started my 17th run only diffrence thia time is default femshep xd
2	just like when k was a kid saturday morning and i'm watching saved by the bell! might even watch soul train 12
2	kyle williams monday press conference: bills defensive tackle kyle williams talks about coming back from the bye...
2	movienight tomorrow at the student union 8pm the movie will be safe house! teamuapb
2	starting to make our wicker lanterns today for the bemmy winter lantern parade ( ion 8th dec )- get involved free public workshops at acta
2	**(dm)** me the 1st thing that comes to ur head! when u hear some1 say: one direction, harry,louis,zayn,niall or liam the boys
2	i just sat beside a joe paterno fan at the bank. he had a license plate that said with his name and a penn state plate. sucks for him.
2	about to watch safe house for the 1st time... redbox latepass
2	i'll be giving 2 presentations the center for photographic art in carmel, ca on sat. 11/3 photography
2	amazon: extra strength hair nutrient tablets, 60-tablets (packaging may vary) by viviscal 649 days in the top 1...
2	rockets have 15 assists in the 1st half. lin and harden each have five dimes.
2	would it be acceptable for me to write my free entry friday in ms. hughes' class tomorrow on candy
2	i just did a shit load of typing. my group better call me queen tomorrow.
2	smashing melons ain't my thingrt doctorgc okay, noel gallagher is playing in louisville on november 4th. who's going with me?
2	ac milan ready to make january move for chelsea full-back ashley cole: san siro side want stamford bridge defend...
2	mariemireles well i figured out that you have to get on the computer to make a league. the boys will have to help us tomorrow! hahaha
2	mrjfumero i heard that ms. pink friday got tired of hearing mrs. canon bragging about her records, grammys, success and bs.
2	headlines: nadal confirms for mexican open in february: rafael nadal plans to play at the mexican open in februa...
2	joshcribbs16 you too. we need you on sunday to knock the purple out of the ravens.
2	it must be thursday everyday cuz niggas is thirsty all the time
2	i might go to pierce the veil at northern lights (sold out) in albany, ny - oct 31
2	victor cruz aint do the salsa all game...he's overdue....its the 4th quarter...its time
2	sunday's at 5pm cst, tune in for "the sunday blues" on underground radio. an hour show with blues musical styles,...
2	cundiff got released. i think he's outta the league now, especially if that quote on the tl this past sunday was real
2	time for russia to win big match - capello: russia manager fabio capello on thursday said that he intended to re...
2	hot! jim ross and alicia fox will be playing in the kendrick perkins celebrity poker tournament tomorrow afterno...
2	rob lowe who portrayed drew peterson, now takes on casey anthony prosecutor: on monday it was revealed that rob ...
2	latifahdee yesssss it's true. wednesday london thursday luton friday luton. are you down. go hard 'our' go home (remember that) lmfao
2	on 1 nov: the duke of kent - president, will attend the mersey weaver district scout council presentation...
2	how lillian bassman images pair against the jason wu spring/summer 2013 runway show photography art design fashion
2	castlenikki is she on the people's choice ballot? i've only looked at castle categories. but may have to venture out...
2	working tonight is seriously interfering with the fact that its wednesday and the challenge is on wahh getmeouttahere
2	delmar johnson will interview about new release of book! boci talk radio 10am cst on october 31st. listen,...
2	a reminder to all hong kong optimist sailors: you must pre-book your prizegiving curry buffet for sunday. deadline...
2	ideal home show at christmas - earls court 14-18 november, has partnered with itv to bring dancing on ice to life at the exhibition.
2	this like being in 2nd place at the superbowl.mademyday
2	ima order some tickets for the senior bowl in january
2	democratic leaders see this video report &amp; the coni report &amp; find out the truth on 7th feb in maldives
2	i wanna go to chapel hill tomorrow night but its going to be so cold. i'll just go to work instead!
2	ready for the long drive to the boro tomorrow! if you are a past or present gsu student, you better be at paulson on sat! beatappstate gsu
2	real_liam_payne guess who's going to your december 3rd concert at msg! thisgirl
2	davos coach del curto expects rick nash to return tonight. davos are a fairly bad 10th in the table with 9 points from 10 gp. nyrangers
2	i smooth just set aside 2 stacks for the grammys in february.
2	uberfacts //played the 1st, never played the 2nd or other ac games, bought mass effect 3, now waiting for halo 4. idk if ill ever play ac3
2	the destination of thursday's premier league was decided today, see who's gone into the hall of fame.
2	so nta covered live the return of the 1st lady.
2	records on the line as world cup race resumes - fabio capello's russia face portugal in the pick of friday's 2014 fi...
2	i'm working overtime to elect mitt. 50 radio appearances down the homestretch. on huckabee national radio on friday.
2	julianalbrandt catmscully some people go trick-or-treating but not many. we have australia day on jan 26, the queen's bday, boxing day...
2	austin rivers strugglin he like 1 for 10 just got his first bucket mid way threw da 4th
2	now that halloween is over, read about britain's traditional guy fawkes night! remember remember the 5th of november!
2	hcd_news is an official news that nash and thorton will play in davos? are they going to play on 29th match? can i buy tickets from italy?
2	anonymous asked: may i know the format of unboxing video? and is it for album only? can i do it for...
2	bobwildman hi bob.'m fine.tomorrow is a holiday here, all souls' day 'n the 15th republic day,another holiday.now i'm a little busy ...
2	tune in at 2 p.m. tomorrow for a google+ hangout with our political reporters to discuss the 2012 election
2	rockets today with new team of asik, jeremy lin, and james harden!!!! watching only 1st quarter then leaving to and party
2	"ghost of mississippi" the story of the ghost that tripped eli manning on 4th down that fateful autumn night in oxford. 30for30
2	jason wu with brizo the inspiration behind the ss2013 runway show design nyfw mbfw fashionweek fashion
2	the memorial of his grace bishop samuel ... may he pray for us ... he was assassinated with sadat on the 6th
2	_schoolboyj you have a top 5 sg with 2 6th men. and you left off monta ellis
2	video of the 1st points for anthony davis, lin, harden, rivers, drummond, harrison barnes &amp; jrich on their new teams
2	superskin"van full of veteran kickers due into redskins park tomorrow. no word on whether it will run over cundiff." watch it go wide rt.
2	middle east online: washington - egypt's new islamist president, mohamed morsi, urged the united states late sat...
2	if your thoughts are turning towards christmas &amp; you live in bucks, i'm giving a talk on dickens &amp; christmas at amersham library, 15 dec.
2	today match against ach ljubljana, 2nd game in the champions league!
2	janehamsher ice may still issue an nta against her, though unlikely. let me know if melany needs a lawyer in the area for daca.
2	jonnypile i saw the drummer from frankie and the heartstrings in town on saturday.
2	forlornlove no not yet, going taiwan soon for training then passing out december 21st. looking forward to not being a recruit/trainee ha
2	breaking.. apparently jeremy kyle is set to star in the 7th star wars film by disney. he's going to try and find luke's real father.
2	video: afp - gaza's hamas denies involvement in sinai attack: following the election of mohamed morsi in june, r...
2	austin rivers just scored his 1st nba points with 6:48 left in the 4th you running with the big boys now son (my doc rivers voice)
2	us stocks down on greek crisis: us shares were closed lower wednesday, erasing earlier gains, after the market w...
2	kellyestaloca february 2, aka groundhog day, we can pull it off, right?
2	ghetto at the center of the world: chungking mansions, hong kong
2	keith_er for sure. tough lovers are playig dickens on the 8th if you'd like to join me.
2	"soul train" party oct 27 perform by~t.dot all stars..drell~ + many more new kids on the block taking over t.dot
2	search on for absconding 'rapist' footballers: police: kolkata, nov 1 (ians) police are still on the ... yahoonews
2	los poboycitos debut 2 songs from the forthcoming cd tomorrow on wwoz 90.7 fm new orleans at noon cst.
2	with the amount of chocolate i've eaten today, i'll just call it chocolate day. and i shall have one every yea- mon- week.
2	athens (reuters) - greek lawyers launched their defense of a prominent journalist on thursday charged with break...
2	looool bumight: plix leave ebuka alone, my own birthday is may 14, and before then is christmas, valentine's day
2	mamata asks parties to oppose cooking gas cylinder price hike: kolkata, nov 1 (ians) in the wake of yet another ...
2	fiveholerumors well by the sounds of it we may be adding gagner too. where are these guys all going to fit in?
2	nadal has not played since 28 june, when he lost to czech lukas rosol 6-7(9), 6-4, 6-4, 2-6, 6-4 in the wimbledon second round.
2	back in rehearsal on monday with the woman in black after a summer with the sound of music.
2	jonathankimsing _byronwong gonna try using it with sadat, will evaluate my progress tomorrow at the library lol...
2	inter milan transfer rumours: 5 players linked to the san siro in january: inter milan have started their new...
2	halftime here at the san siro. still 0-0. can the 2nd half produce goals?
2	that kind of year in kc. rivers over 18 fantasy its for only 3rd time of the season....for now.
2	mehgan james from bad girls club will be in the building friday selectlounge. to get an express pass go
2	well, a few news: gonna be at phil's studio with nachtgeschrei in january to record my first album with the guys....
2	mizzou moves back the start time for their opener w/ siue on november 10th because of football. siuenation
2	danawhite tell that leprechaun joe silva to make joshkoscheck vs the pot head nick diaz in december...
2	friday night lights with mitt! tcot tlot bcot ccot gop nra ocra sgp teaparty twisters breitbart israel
2	nick diaz may be suspended, but his manager is trying to set up his next fight, saying a match with josh koscheck...
2	mrddyer mate, how are you lads enjoying andy carroll over there? can we have him back in january? we're a bit desperate!
2	our yeproc 15 celebration continues with this long interview with jim white, who plays sat. at cats cradle for yr15.
2	caldobain will pop down after work then, am only in murray on saturday! why it changed? ps, fancy amsterdam?
2	dollar gains on euro amid greek woes: new york - the euro sagged against the dollar on thursday as the revised g...
2	tomorrow im doing a poll at 5pm-which series of dancing on ice is ur fave the celeb+pro that won the series will get a shoutout
2	ashleyhare310 im going to lunch with grammy and kels soon then running some errands for tomorrow and studying for my exam
2	tomorrow channel 4 is 30 years old. presenting the channel 4 spotify playlist. what do you remember? channel4
2	aaronlinzy hello aaron, will you be with israel tomorrow night?
2	richie_fenners ben_jamin_whit i'm back in rugby on a sat but if i do play it will have to be before 10 like!
2	potus was here in boulder today, with the same old stump speech. meanwhile, in staten island, his lower 9th ward:
2	kaya punya uang aje ! :p rt: goal_intl: ac milan reportedly want miralem pjanic to join the san siro in january (corriere dello sport)
2	i think joe paterno went for it on 4th down twice in 40 years. pennstate has gone for it on 4th down twice today. dizzyinhappyvalley
2	we get to dress up in halloween costumes on wednesday. sophia grace and rosie in the building ladies and gentleman.
2	coreybbrooks lorenzo beasley. he was killed on july 17th of last year on the corner of 53rd and king dr.
2	rugby fest at padang: november 01, 2012 3:54 pmtop class rugby action will take place at the padang from friday,...
2	rivers throw a pick on 3rd and goal. everyone here thought they would run the ball. bolts lead 10-0 at half.
2	on wednesday, october 24, season 3 american idol contestant jennifer hudson channeled the upcoming holiday when ...
2	watching this drew peterson movie on lifetime just to spark conversation in miss mapes class tomorrow myles_collier21 nia_girlbow
2	trip to fredonia in the works for this friday. looking to play on valentine's new table. msg me for more details.
2	tomorrow she is rtedigital reporter at davos for geeks. perhaps she'll bring us home an internet gazillionaire instead
2	espn- indians fire manager acta with six games left: the cleveland indians fired manager manny acta on thursday,...
2	bill murray: yeah, on monday i am off to meet infinity ward about the next game, modern warfare 4, im doing work on the sequel to mw3
2	i want to watch the vow, so guess whose gonna watch that tomorrow night,.with tissues?! ----&gt;&gt;&gt; thiss girl :))
2	pushplayjt the okcthunder should have traded jharden13 for monta ellis and 1st round pick... smh bucks thunde bemilwaukee buckspride
2	i think i may know the story of the party nail. salina gomez jammed her finger the night before the grammy awards. i rock a party toe today!
2	i am going home tonight and sleeping until about 5:30 pm tomorrow, just in time to get to durham for the duke game.
2	hockeyyinsiderr gagner has been in trade rumours since the beginning of the year. can't claim 1st on this one bud.
2	article 54: a bro is required to go out with his bros on official bro holidays; halloween, new year's eve, and desperation day (february 13)
2	i think my mom might buy me the box set bc i've been bugging her about msg and i told her i'd give her $30 if she got it before november 14
2	capello: i'll tweak lineup for azerbaijan game: coach fabio capello said monday he will tweak the russian lineup...
2	the boys will do promo in sweden today (november 2nd) and they will perform on sweden xf tonight, live stream here
2	all 49'ers fans, go vote for jgoody59 for the 2013 pro bowl. you may vote as many times as you like.
2	nba news: the new york knicks will take on the miami heat at msg on saturday (australian time) in their season...
2	new basics foundation for january just listed, beginning monday january 28th - that's right, australia day public...
2	andre's wigan warning: wigan might currently occupy 15th place in the premier league, but andre villas-boas is w...
2	3rd day in a row catching my mom watching sophia grace and rosie obsessed shelikesrosie seriousfan
2	sat here watching celebrity juice again 3rd time today with my mum.
2	freddiefans you sure it was quo? they were the first act on, queen weren't 2nd i'm sure of it
2	mrscheddies mid-feb at the moment. i'm hoping it arrives before chinese new year!
2	bucks backcourt mates brandon jennings and monta ellis had a "little brother-big brother" talk on sunday, as jennings described it.
2	"kbutter5: dook football, even the sun shines on a dog's a$$ some days. unc" dook...
2	yoooo itzlavz &amp; _beeniee if niggas in paris comes on more than once on the 26th, might have to plank for whole night...
2	ca_radio that's rough. you had 3 definite starts on a bye. also, flacco over newton? we have to talk about this on friday.
2	georgetown playing jmu in "secret scrimmage" on saturday while gmu does the same at marquette. (h/t gmuhoops )
2	buberzionist yes, anything possible, but u didnt answer 2nd question. why back to 67 borders? to make israel weaker militarily?if so,why??
2	willz4real yea gibbs to score the 4th for afc still
2	sat waiting for the bus trying to beat my high score on temple run justbecause
2	two worst players in plus/minus right now for okc are serge ibaka and kendrick perkins. stat may be soft, but it matches the eyes.
2	endymion for the 4th time i blieve.! ahaha teamorjan clhrday
2	off to bed with sexy mr man, tomorrow morning watch out galveston here we come just made 100 jello shots
2	if u live near long beach consider going to parkcrest church 2 hear bobrobertsjr sat 6 or sun 830/10/1130 boldaslove vision360lb
2	3 hrs to go before the 2nd to the last episode! wherever you are josh bradley | david archuleta in nandito ako | alwyn ana rs in tv5 manila
2	i want tickets to the thursday game heat vs knicks (game 3) hmm...
2	imma need brook lopez to get more aggressive on the boards. 7 feet tall, c'mon son
2	sasa will be having the first ever bhangra bootcamp on november 7th - 10pm at cif! only $5 to learn from our very own nacs 2012 champions!
2	red delays new price anouncement till tomorrow 6pm. sounds like they want to dig for sony prices some more.
2	sarafinaab adesto stasera ho guadato due film - 'bel ami' con robert pattinson, qual'e stato cosi :/ e la seconda film- the ides of march
2	taylorjet_187 i had okc im playin online... the nigga had da knicks.. i was bustin dey ass then the 4th come, raymond felton and jr smith
2	westbound into the u.s.- ongoing bridge inspection- construction - may be delays - eastbound into canada- trucks no delay -cars no delay
2	jr smith wanna be a starter so damn bad lol, nigga said 6th man of the year award is not what he's thinking about
2	today's future of news wood: free hawkeye lego toy on the cover of murdoch's sun
2	parma's 3-1 v roma: biabiany was offside on the 1st pass attempt, but the ball stopped on the wet pitch and he received the ball on 2nd one!
2	jennifer aniston &amp; drew barrymore: fill in the blank!: at the 2012 lacma art + film gala on sat... hollywood news
2	godssgift__ lmao how old are you? club bodi should be live on sunday, its 18+ tho
2	astrology numerology now host z. starman talks about the upcoming mercury retrograde that begins november 6th -...
2	bring it on cd signing and performance event w lin_manuel tomorrow at 300pm. barnes and noble on 86th and lexington in manhattsn:-)
2	club bodi may be out the question tonight
2	haye: vitali deal 'signed': david haye still expects a fight with vita... click-1st-link! 2win
2	if you live in the south orlando area, be on the lookout. wawa has its 6th site opening on october 30th near the florida mall!
2	i'm going to halestorm at backstage live in san antonio, tx - nov 10
2	playstation vita ordered. i should have it on tuesday and then lbpv the tuesday after that. :)
2	jinja safari have hiccups, catch them live this thursday with opossom and white arrows on the blind date tour
2	mass tomorrow then retreat friday with da homie bradychant
2	well, monsoon coming in from the north and the bomb squad down in midtown on the 15th. time to go.
2	hey! lauren (clarinet!) would like you all to know about this event hosted by bric! hey everyone, so on sunday,...
2	sglatt711 riri is the queen of shade. because her forehead blocks out the sun.
2	on thursday over fifty countries and international organisations will come together for the london conference on...
2	played the song 'ain't no need to worry (album version)' by the winans on myspace
2	open dialog is cosponsoring with globes to present to you "searching for social justice" next wednesday at 6pm.
2	wednesdaywisdom from the old ozingarmc alsip sign: do it now, since it will be yesterday tomorrow.
2	gunna snow. wc says winter storm watch till 5pm tomorrow .. it was 80*f yesterday
2	i think matty may have just implied that max is doing a christmas song. or lulu. or durston.
2	jadeybugg4 if you get ungrounded tomorrow go to lauren's birthday kickback
2	im spending my hole friday wit bo we gone blow sme keisha nd grab a pack of blacks nd watch the battle of lebron career vs. carmelo anthony
2	hey caracarriveau i have a concert this saturday at bedolla skater boyz in alsip, il at 6pm. any chance i could get you to show?
2	scrubbin to the max tomorrow cause i gotta work out and leave for a game.
2	oh, starbucks! please pop out anywhere in zc. may it be in vitali! i'll fly!
2	who starts at qb on friday? i'd play nichols. have said that all year. he had a big q4 with key targets and has already played calgary.
2	ashleyjudd hi ashley, my country,south korea like the us will be the presidential election on december 19 ^^
2	white arrows play the earl on october 9th with family of the year and the new cassettes. don't miss this.
2	anonymous' wikileaks like project tyler to launch in december: a hacker, who claims to be a member of the hackin...
2	going to 3mph: a woman's walk around the ... at chautauqua community house on mon, nov 12
2	theprawnguy this sunday the actual work is just east of edmonds. but there will be a couple of delays impacting all eastbound service^da
2	tyga's careless world moving down five spots to no. 48 with 8,300. headed into his 10th week, the ymcb rapper's lp has sold 199,400 records.
2	on my ym shit right now. just finished listening to i am not a human being. now going onto pink friday. after this, hello careless world.
2	and the monstography bidding begins... silent auction closes tuesday 20th 8pm. who will be nz's next top mon
2	oct 9 1888 the washington monument officially opened to the general public. have you been to visit?
2	today: sefton v aldercc home 12noon - including president's day; 2nd xi v newtoncricket away 12.45pm. let's hope the forecast's wrong!
2	mw55 what do you expect thursday? are you going to pull out that mikey magic on duels day again? hopeso
2	rockstargames bring gta3/vice city 10th anniversaries to the ps vita!
2	watch live streaming video of the pancake day activities tomorrow at make sure you...
2	dvfoos no more mentioning of flatbush zombies. are you going to his concert tomorrow?!
2	queen is worried about black m.hence mumbai riot seemsm lies thin crowd ramlila on 3rd day: n
2	q98rocks presents: dethklok with machine head, all that remains, and black dahlia murder! tuesday, november 13th at the venue at the hub!
2	one more day left in iqaluit. back home in ottawa tomorrow
2	russellthevoice russell u beat me 2 it lol i was gonna tweet about the classical brit awards being on this sunday xxxxxxx
2	if i'm a cici's buffet, these mosquitoes are going in on me like obese catholics on the last friday of lent.
2	price: i'd take vitali fight: david price says he would fight vitali k... click-1st-link! 2win
2	indian ocean with simon_reeve got 1.4m viewers on sunday with repeated programme about somalia. more than double much trailed show on c4.
2	winter storm watch for portions of the wdbj7 viewing area until 8:00pm tuesday.
2	i saw katie price was at the haye / chisora fight-now she's going to be the olympic boxing training venue on saturday - sparring!!
2	baby_boomer93 yeah bro! girls gone wild is hosting a party friday hahahah. make sure your in shape before bootcamp, otherwise it will suck.
2	sony's putting out a new ps3 firmware update on tuesday that finally lets you see your ps vita trophies on ps3. about ****ing time, sony.
2	who wants to see maya rudolph sing prince with my thursday night
2	first 24 hours in london got given a free rail card, saw 3 squirrels going to work, may have found a home &amp; there's big alan rickman posters
2	gm fbf, let's go ole skool today...the winans, the choices 1) tomorrow 2) uphold me or 3) bring back the days, the voting begins now!
2	leonelwell check mrdavidhaye timeline mate, looks like we'll find out if we found the gym. if vitali steps up we may have to go too
2	a train from naples to milan made an unscheduled 40-minute stop at parma on tuesday - to drop off the roma squad ahead of tonight's game.
2	we closing out the knicks tomorrow
2	just got the call the magazine is ready for pickup get your copy at the "hands that heal fashion show" nov 4th mr. reggie 404-246-9582
2	gowns at the ready girls, q4 update tomorrow! beckybull_x emmaharv
2	isawn_furlan the pretty reckless, my chemical romance, a day to remember, 30 seconds to mars, hey monday, evanescence, mcfly etc ..
2	chelseafitch chelss_lewis wppi starts the 19th i believe. that's why i'm flying out the afternoon of the 18th.
2	so many shows in the near future: metafest, royal teeth, m83, white arrows, grouplove, sweetteapumpkinpie music fest and taking back sunday.
2	just watched the 1st ever elimination chamber match i had no idea it was an hour long till it ended.
2	i'll make my bid for the adidas predator tomorrow godwilling...
2	help me smart peeps: i need to get from the city to alsip, back to the city on a friday night. cheapest way to go? (it's for a wedding)
2	make sure everyone comes out to our first opener practice tomorrow at 6:30 at the murphy center in dance studio b!!!
2	1st_love he's only 4th best british fighter, never mind world champ. 1.haye 2.fury 3.chisora 4.price.
2	according to the radio, rihanna's birthday cake is the official 4th of july anthem. sounds about right.
2	jennifer aniston, justin theroux high end shopping; time to decorate the crib: tuesday, e! online shared the vid...
2	bayern munich goalkeeper manuel neuer shows he could play in midfield v bayer leverkusen: bayern munich may have...
2	alfredoflores follow amandawanxo , on november 26, find her outside the bell center and meet her. please? &lt;31
2	last day in jeddah. will be in brunei tomorrow night. and then surabaya the following night. and then bali the night after that. whee!
2	cba for work this weekend, wana be a sloth on sunday with georgiakington and abbieparker1
2	me&amp; queenofcol going to phuk the city up sept 15. we taking it back to fairground for battleofthesexes lets see who rock men/women
2	watched unofficially yours with richard mark morcella, his partner and jaja abastillas
2	who's appearing at the houston livestock show and rodeo come march? that is, other than george strait?...
2	there are now only eight tickets left for casualviolence 's november 5th show at the leicester square theatre.. get in quick folks!!!
2	*raises hand*rt ny_sexylady: "tomorrow" by the winans is on my heart so heavy this morning... wonder who needs to hear it!
2	november 3rd-norfolk, va-norva theatre (nas only)november 4th-washington,dc - dar constitution hall......for you concert seekers out there !
2	kiranks those who justified mumbai police's incompetency for aug 11 are the same ones who supported delhi police's action at ramlila...!!
2	kinagrannis two birthday cakes! one with jelly beans! i wonder what kind of birthday cake the 2nd one was? goodnight kina, emi, and misa.
2	freddiegibbs show at iu was live! chicago tomorrow reggie's with showyousuck &amp; boldy blocks!
2	talk about the history of valentine day: every february 14, across the united states and in other places around the...
2	may i get a lucas scott for a sleepover tonight? please! dalalwantslucasscott
2	when i see reactions to stories about "benefit scroungers" and the "lazy poor" in the sun, i wonder if murdoch is a latter-day pavlov
2	aug 30! toads place, new haven ct. myself, m.a.r., jitta on the track, danimal lector and more!
2	i'm going to babaman at vidia in cesena, italy - dec 22
2	dixieconley i'm dropping becca off tomorrow and then going to ash
2	the skinny: breezy may be getting it from riri and ex, kt. getting that cake! cake! cake! and eating it too. &lt;3...
2	if this is the end for tsn990radio, i once again have to commend thekaufmanshow for his emotional gary carter memorial show in february
2	omg!!! ramin and sierra performing phantom of the opera at the classical brit awards televised on sunday itv at 10.30pm!!!! :d
2	seven has 6 shows in top 15, abc 2nd with 5, nine third with 4. ten and sbs rate 0.
2	from a call to prayer for america saturday at the washington reflecting pool with the washington monument in the...
2	short hair is back! check it out. (clockwise) alicia k, riri, miley c and twiggy the 1st skinny model. pi
2	***thursday night friday night dinner special*** salmon &amp; jumbo shrimp 15.95 whole fish (porgie) 1.5lb with lemon...
2	got new aesop rock, master ace &amp; doom, nas, flatbush zombies, jon connor, &amp; cyhi ready for the flight tomorrow, been sleepin on lots of shit
2	foreign commentator award at the commentawards goes to the late marie colvin of the sunday times
2	kuun fastest so far on ss4, williams 2nd and fekken 3rd. cronje still leads but the gap is now 8sec from habif sarally pr
2	might as well go ahead and download the parade tracker app. think a zulu float may show up before the bus.
2	memorial day, president's day, monday, any day seems to be the right day to see independence day on t.v.
2	friday is cold but here. how are you guys doing? win evanescence tickets plus stone sour's new album in about 15 minutes...
2	i forgot plies gone be at the moon tomorrow
2	the season opener for the new york knicks is now miami new york on friday. that's how it should be.
2	byekandace and i live in zachary, but i might try to stay with someone next friday.
2	parsons also confirmed w/ tw reporter abt jlin's popularity, also 'promised' he'll visit taiwan next yr
2	for those wondering about when/if murray state's zay jackson will play this year -- last friday, msu ad allen ward said ... (cont)
2	it's presidents day at the white house thursday. barack obama hosts george w. bush for unveiling of portrait. george h.w. bush there too.
2	aged under 26 and keen to become a foreign correspondent? apply for the marie colvin scholarship
2	who going to club bodi tomorrow
2	golf on sunday with thepudseybear paulslim84 and jimboflynn9 is going to be more one sided than klitschko vs mrdavidhaye
2	amvanimere are you going to the pack ad tomorrow in edmonton?
2	deca meeting tomorrow in the media center at 7:30am. we have a lot of stuff to talk about and breakfast will be provided!
2	making an effort to use my ps vita a bit more. only use it for fifa at the moment! gonna give a few demos a try. 1st silent hill bom :-)
2	perry: morgan state is beating howard, 7-0 at the end of the 1st quarter of howard's homecoming football game.
2	my xbox live ends tomorrow :( mw3 and gears3 all day! hit me up!
2	this is the 2nd time i've seen a niqqa wear galaxy foams
2	tomorrow haunted house with sam kaitlyn marisela yesinea marcos and maybe walter and katie xd
2	i challenge katie to stick pins in my eyes tomorrow. i dare you.
2	remember, 1 november is the solemnity of allsaints: a holy day of obligation. be sure you assist at mass or it's a mortal sin. catholic
2	be looking for us this friday elon university for campus fest! learn more about the loft and check out how you can win the new kindle fire
2	sunday times launches the marie colvin scholarship, seeking future foreign correspondents, under 26. deadline sept 30:
2	music of the sun, a girl like me, good girl gone bad, rated r, loud, talk that talk and finally _________?
2	the video of porto "oportonity city" won the 1st prize in category cultural tourism in art&amp;tur international tourism film festival...
2	annie hasn't finished the high water marks but ash wed is under 1901 bayford oyster co sandy
2	wppi and vegas bound, but have to be up tomorrow at 5:30am, s.o.l....maybe catch some zz's on the plane.
2	after 2 days fuckuover is the 20th most played song on my ipod. only another 400 or so plays til it beats what makes you beautiful
2	king cake and boudin for breakfast. yep! i'm in southern louisiana, where the weather is warm (not hot) and sunny. wine tasting tomorrow!
2	late night with jimmy fallon clips - maya rudolph, daveannable10, theavettbros nbcupallnight 666parkave_abc
2	next friday soltek residents daffadam and medlam take to the stage at plan b - london for c panel's 1st birthday....
2	europe aa prices may firm on asian supply, but not in q4 - buyers: london (icis)--buyers in the european a... icis
2	little mix are going to be on kyle and jackie o tomorrow morning :)
2	senior ads and quotes for the yearbook are due tomorrow!
2	getting my vans either thursday or friday for the game
2	yungtoneworld flexthursday !! dis thursday!!!!!wit flexcrewgotti da crows nest we calln out da whol souf kum kick it wit flex
2	invinceable_45 yeah with miss may i too. it's on the 1st at backstage live
2	jennifer aniston shows she's prada her figure at fashion bash - the sun: the sunjennifer aniston shows she's pra...
2	interview on monday, a call back tomorrow, and vans is really interested into me? i don't know why you guys say it's so hard to get a job
2	the games i ordered that came out tuesday were going to shipped from nj so safe to say i'll be waiting a bit more till they get shipped.
2	brit award winning pop-star mika is set to return with his brand new album the origin of love, released on island records on september 16.
2	bardownbombs i grew up in alsip, oak lawn is like my 2nd home. reason for the city is wifes job at (cont)
2	jayalalithaa sets rules for party posters: cracking the whip, chief minister j jayalalithaa on saturday is... news
2	elimination chamber is going to be in st. louis may 19th.. i have to go.
2	pics: the kbc episode on sony on november 4. a treat for all the big b and srk fans. yashchoprafilm fb
2	cj and kreckman wednesday: the guys are at stoney's getting ready for the nuggets season opener. altitude's chris...
2	if you are attending the sustainable brands london conference in november please let us know! sblondon linkedin
2	just witnessed the 1st ever black king of endymion
2	bloodbubble im going to bali tomorrow for the weekend for office retreat
2	after today's bet came in i'm feeling confident with tomorrow's bet: ath madrid, juve, napoli, bayern munich, porto comeon
2	superemz_3 you may already be aware, but alan rickman is in a film called gambit that's coming out soon.
2	championship thurs blue raider hoop camp today!!! closing ceremonies 3:45 in murphy center!!! autographs with all players!
2	springsteen is here sat but if that's not your thing rick ross will be in lexington the same night at rupp_arena
2	andrewpeterson yes, yes, but what you see in the finder is file directory data that points to your actual files. the file may still exist.
2	ioc mulls armstrong bronze - sbs: the international olympic committee (ioc) on thursday said it had ... london2012
2	october 27, completes the its 61 years kenneth "kk" downing jr., guitarist in the british heavy metal band judas priest
2	eastbound for the arsenal game tomorrow
2	capricorn rules the 10th zodiac house in sidereal astrology. practical. leaders. make things happen.. managers.
2	exhausted but buzzing after day 1 of yalta2012. need sleep, vitali klitschko speaks tomorrow, might challenge him to an arm wrestle...
2	just found out ill be playing at the same tournament with ut as my brother with his h.s. in february in new orleans during mardis gras.
2	_patrickrath the pieces that made the fall show will be posted on the mpac fb page, twitter &amp; posted up in the murphy center tomorrow!
2	westbound into the u.s.- ongoing bridge inspection- construction - may be delays - eastbound into canada- trucks 20 minute delay-cars clear
2	here is a message from senator with info that may help, dear friend: i am writing because you have corresponded...
2	very soon police marching towards the crowd ramdev supporters start march towards ramlila maidan likeaboss
2	thursday night adventures... ( brooklyn bowl for maya rudolph performing the music of prince and ?uestlove to follow)
2	who's running the strattonfaxon 20k in new haven ct on monday?
2	i'm going to richie hawtin at buffalo in new york, ny - oct 29
2	_tweetinassnupe well when you get off come on and tomorrow you have to be the murphy center tomorrow 11 am!! be on time please
2	jkashinfluence injures borderland,taking him out of the ppv.who will replace him in the elimination chamber match? watch asylum this sunday
2	seoulsausage when do you plan on coming down to the long beach or the o.c. area? los alamitos has a food truck fair on thursday nights.
2	tmr is saturday . tmr is duels official bars and bloodshed rap battle ! to whoevers down , i shall see you there .
2	it's known, if you were born in november, your parents were getting it in on valentine day!
2	mrbbutterfield what is a tree's favourite day of the christian calendar? ash wednesday lolle
2	tuesday is my sixteen hour day and i'm still up...
2	tiffzero hey got your tix for looper on wed :) it's 630 at sylvia park - do you work in town?
2	2nd movie for the night - ghost rider :") nowwatching ~
2	eczemasupport we usually get president's day in february before 2 wks for spring break in march. that'll be it til may 31 for summer break.
2	i have one spare vip meal ticket to qpr v reading at noon on sunday needing an owner .3 course meal,wine,fancy seat etc ..anyone fancy it ?
2	only 2 spots left for standard first aid with cpr c! november 5 &amp; 6, 4pm-10pm in centretown. contact centretown...
2	elizeviola oh, i got ham. and i ate reggie's ham. and i ate brian's ham. tomorrow i'm getting more bc my dad said he's going to the store!
2	postage for o. henry stamp unveiled: the u.s. postal service on monday unveiled the stamp commemorating the life of...
2	heading to crows nest on sunday to cover ray white's celebrations for 110 years in the business of real estate.
2	delhi braces for another ramdev protest: new delhi : final touches were being given wednesday at the ramlila gro...
2	boateng put through his own net in the dying seconds to hand bayer leverkusen a 2-1 victory on sunday evening...
2	diet starts monday when i wake up. ends the same day. always happens
2	anabanana12 do you like ournameisfun? presale is tomorrow for jan 31st show at dar constitution hall.
2	i just signed up for a flash mob america flash mob in long beach dec 1! who's coming w/ me? via flashmobamerica
2	personally i watch extratime on ss4 with robertmarawa mondays top class analysis who knows may the entire sa&lt;lol&gt; rt" mindlos_khafu
2	because sunday just screams pancake day
2	just got bel ami from the redbox....so that is what i will watching tonight, or tomorrow.
2	clt20 i am willing to bat at any number, says rahane - mumbai: ajinkya rahane on thursday insisted he does not have ...
2	kapal-laut opens a new shop at 3rd floor beachwalk bali, the heart of tourism in bali. kapallautbali
2	sunday get on the ropes with james murphy.yogacity nyc | yoga, meditation, pranayama &amp; kirtan events in new york city
2	dannancarrow as he was in a news ltd town surely billybragg had something to say about murdoch in intro to 'scousers don't buy the sun'?
2	llcoolj if you are the same age as mick jagger than may i say you
2	top 5 upcoming games for the playstation vita: after a slow start back in march, the playstation vita has ... - n4g
2	who would go see kchenoweth with me at dar constitution hall on sunday evening?
2	friday aug 17th we in new haven ct, for the kick back 7... its a luau get your beach wear ready!...
2	i am going to netrootsuk 1st and then to the london conference of critical thought
2	new post rob will be on the kyle and jackie o show on tuesday 23nd
2	badmantips commentator says porto dominated 1st half &amp; looks that way again in the 2nd
2	jl_nicegirl there were contradictory signals from the mayor vis a vis evacuation, + n.o. has lots of 'canes, and may have been complacent
2	looks like i'm going to knicks vs. heat this sunday.
2	for my 18th birthday i want a lap dance from that fat chick in rella.
2	i'm going to anthony hamilton at dar constitution hall in washington, dc - sep 15
2	sarah g. day last sunday!! monday!! tuesday!! wednesday!! & xempre ngaung thursday!! kip it up poptsers!!&lt;3
2	former westover hs (nc) star cj ford opens the season for murray state against brescia on november 9th at home.
2	q98 presents: dethklok with machine head, all that remains, and black dahlia murder! tuesday, november 13th at...
2	jwwashburn ebertchicago slow down. he's a lib. u may hav 2 explain 2 him. remember charlie gibson told donwade&amp;roma he dnt know abt acorn.
2	i need to spend the night at someone's house tomorrow then just go to the meet with them!
2	chris_cordaro24 1st game in brooklyn and i want to see brook lopez
2	wilfred kiboro joins family bank as chairman, a day after he quit standard chartered bank. he takes over from founder titus muya on jan 1
2	countrygirl_731 we changed seats in dental lol, you're in ash's old seat and the chapter is due tomorrow
2	austin wore his yolo shirt for the 15th time in a month.
2	can someone pick me up tomorrow morning and bring me with you at lax?
2	how to dress well plays santos party house on october 8th with o f f love and warm ghost!
2	yay... we had us a mini water fight =) now my hair messed up &lt;&lt; think tomorrow imma go to alsip and get in the pool
2	lazyweb should i get up early and avoid giants fans on caltrain or just work from home tomorrow?
2	kenyawalters riri's new album is dropping november 19th. freaking machine... literally a year and a day since talk that talk..
2	does anyone want to trade a playstation vita for a ipod touch 4th generation 32 gigabyte ?:
2	tomorrow at wingsday catch the playoff game with knicks vs heat djphife on the sounds. reserve your table now 214-444-9161!!!
2	meet the dragon's den at social media week in vancouver on sept 28
2	talking of bond &amp; skyfall, variety, the children's charity is holding the premiere on nov 7th at sylvia park. tickets
2	thought i would try the black glasses look....i may need the malcolm x joints tho'
2	(reuters) - the season opener between the new york knicks and brooklyn nets set for thursday at the barclays cen ...
2	wzzz going to elon university. it's a private ubi at a damn ulu place. no worries, i'm going off on 22nd august. haha.
2	tomorrow the field gets set for daytona500 duels start 2pm on speed all starts 10am with nationwide practice on espn2 trucks at noon
2	why wait for the videos when you can come see duels official live tomorrow? i may have vodka on my person too! ha
2	raymond's been busy and we have homemade gingerbread with lemon icing for tomorrow's homemade cake. soups will...
2	duels official... this saturday... at out of the bedroom be there!
2	october is like the road to wrestlemania in reality. halloween = royal rumble, thanksgiving = elimination chamber, christmas = wrestlemania.
2	sgs fury on brink of beating haye to vitali: tyson fury is set to face denis boytsov on december 1, with the wi...
2	dawnella26 i'll look it up tomorrow..i only wanted to hear keith urban &amp; carrie underwood sing &amp; who won entertainer of the year lol
2	watched unofficially yours for the 1st time... pede na kaya lang bitin.
2	madonna may have helped paved the road for singers like rihanna, katy perry , gaga etc.. but rih owns that road now.
2	repio ceo neil cox is speaking at chicago's social media week tomorrow about "social media &amp; the changing face of employment - check it...
2	v-p nominee jaswant likely to meet jayalalithaa on august 6: 'some of our leaders are also in touch with trinamool congress chi... news
2	omg. random bel ami tv spot - canada - it'll be premiering on the movie network november 23rd :)
2	the regular-season opener thursday between the brooklyn nets and the new york knicks, wh... ::
2	my trick or treating will happen tomorrow night..at walgreens....in the candy aisle.
2	lowereastscribe aas being regulated to feb i agree with you. malcolm x being taught in 2nd grade i can go either way on.
2	respectmycurvez imma know alot about it next saturday, imma be at morgan state but imma slide down to d.c. for a hot second
2	another saturday where it seems like plan b is gonna take over.
2	alfredoflores follow amandawanxo and meet her on november 26, she'll be at the bell center by 4:00 pm. please fredo.
2	hmm raspberry pi - scrap ipads in the class room - have some pi instead education tdsb
2	demon gaze, a next-gen dungeon rpg for the the playstation vita [1st trailer and screens]: kadokawa games today ...
2	does girls gone wild still make commercials? if, god forbid, this one goes to extras, we may find out.
2	strapupshawty15 hey reggie. how are you ? i'm very sorry that haven't had the chance to get back to you. i'll e-mail you tomorrow
2	frankgravagna real ones are avail about a month or so b4 mardi gras (day b4 ash wed)
2	hannahcollisson aged under 26 and keen to become a foreign correspondent? apply for the marie colvin scholarship
2	catch supersport united vs bidvest wits at the lucas moripe stadium at 15h30 on saturday live on ss4 ssfootball
2	cong to hold rallies on fdi. the first rally will be held at delhi's ramlila ground on oct 28, to be addressed by the pm and mrs s gandhi.
2	jul 82 uk heavy metal band judas priest release their 8th album screaming for vengeance, with the single "you've got another thing comin".
2	tiffany will be one of the mcs along with cnblue's yonghwa and beast's gikwang for sbs kpop super concert on november 10 cr: foreverjeti
2	imaaa make moves tomorrow !
2	pauldalglish ...starting 11 in the 1st half featured players who have not been in the managers plans, cole, henderson, downing etc...
2	stewartstarlit - ever hear tamias live cover of the winans "tomorrow"
2	fun friday: a long procession of elementary school children march along the ring road in iqaluit at around 3:15...
2	anybody in the dmv want to buy a pair of anthony hamilton tickets? dm me for details. the show is tomorrow at constitution hall.
2	this time next saturday night we will be about to kick off megachurch with stan walker, jc epidemic &amp; michael franzese! 7 sleeps!
2	go try and win a ps vita at the lollipop chainsaw event at fish &amp; co. glasshouse. you may get bitten by zombies, but it's a ps vita!
2	typical sat with the team ( nj national guard armory for meek mill, machine gun kelly, vado and funkmaster flex)
2	perth listeners: nick is giving the talk 'food &amp; social justice' ecoxpo 3.30 tomorrow (friday) green animalrights
2	hey everyone! if you are competing in districts at lake braddock on monday you need to make sure to do the deca test by 5pm tomorrow!!
2	jbid sounded a bit like james murphy last night "i was there ..." ("when ronald reagan ..."/"at the 1st can show")
2	kingswaggyy yeaa im still lookin smh...may have to go to the adidas store. the asian dudes wear em 24/7.
2	marionjoseph7 going sylvia park tomolols and den night market l8ter on that same day and then early bed and sunday idk aye?
2	brianaauerbach me and katie are busy after school we have to go to playtoes and stuff. but saturday morning. lets do it! then beach
2	how do y'all feel about moving presidents day to august? august lacks a three day weekend. then make lincoln's b-day a day off too. boom
2	i am going to the seminar richie hawtin (official page) is hosting at concordia this monday. first time going to...
2	bruh like was this the dj from club bodi i swear i heard the same music thursday night lol
2	what up, we bout to touch thuus ainsworth on 26th between 6th &amp; 7th for the knicks/heat game. who comin thru?!?!
2	a place in the sun. presenter: orange and lemon trees too person:that's our breakfast! what the?who has oranges and lemons for breakfast?
2	50 bucks to see dethklok, machine head, all that remains, and the black dahlia murder. i may just have to go see this show with or witho ...
2	all tied at 14 after 1st qtr, murray state with ball in red zone
2	managed to snag a rih test press along with the new 7". woop. come see them in margate this sunday
2	yo crream have you heard of anyone getting their gears3 stats getting reset today? i sign onto today and now all my stats are reset.
2	first friday tonight y'all come out to club bodi
2	which players do you think deserve to be in saf starting xi against arsenal on saturday's game?
2	last, u-school hc said the next member of the bomb squad will be 9th grader sam bruce, nephew of isaac bruce 2016prospect larryblustein
2	maya rudolph performs prince songs at brooklyn bowl this thursday night 9/20, backed by the roots!
2	bitchymctits grow it out. i wanna see a part in the middle and bali beads either side before the 31st of fan.
2	after the 9th of november, i'll be partying like the teenagers in project x.
2	at around 11pm on monday, winans said he heard his son crying and went to check on him. when the concerned dad...
2	laura wright, gareth malone, noah stewart and margherita taylor attend the classic brit awards launch, september 6
2	filming all day tomorrow, i need rest... but i need to finish act of valor
2	the choreographers' pieces that made the fall show will be posted on the fb page, twitter &amp; posted up in the murphy center tomorrow!
2	ss4 - 1 mikko 10.45,9 - 2 petter +0,2 - 3 novikov +2,5 - 4 mads +6,9 with puncture. still 3rd o/a. latvala stopped. rallyitalia
2	somalia will arrive in uganda on 8 november to give the team time for 15 training days before the start of the cecafa cup.
2	zulu is the 26th largest mother tongue of christians (10.4 million), representing 0.5% of all christians.
2	lets see if melo can lead the knicks tomorrow
2	b-team practice thursday, plus a parent meeting to discuss the details of the n.o. trip, &amp; a finance update..
2	at the half, bayer leverkusen 1-0 vs bayern munchen. let's score 2 or more in the 2nd half!! go munich!!
2	howard u wins 2nd straight homecoming game with 21-20 victory over morgan state. bison now 5-2; 4-1 meac
2	rob on the 'kyle and jackie o' show on oct 23rd:
2	oct 30 its goin down at the congress theater i will be performing along wit machine gun kelly!!!!
2	bethelderkin nov 1st facebook, sean ryan put plarium on the board as no. 1 social game in q4, i can send you links to his interview
2	final four is set and here is the match-ups. "if we win"... we play on saturday at 7:00 p.m. in lexington!
2	our founder (charliehilton) will be speaking at social media week (smwldn) on friday. read about it:
2	people been lined out for this gold pack since wednesday night at the florida mall... smfh
2	pretty little liarssss timeee, because i missed the premier on tuesday :3 then degrassi, then jshore... woo for being occupied
2	as reported jason varitek is close to taking job with redsox, may be special assistant to gm ben cherington. redsoxnation
2	us secretary of state press availability on the london conference: london, united-kingdom, february 24, 2012/afr...
2	might have too skip the scrimmage tomorrow, i gotta see the heat beat the knicks tomorrow
2	en plein visionnage de "shut up and play the hits!" james murphy est mon dieu...
2	day off yesterday wheww may time din at napanood ang unofficially yours at segunda mano.
2	picstitch at my 1st phillies game watching the knicks vs heat atthesamedamtime
2	just filled out my home depot application....matteson, alsip, orland park, homewood, &amp; cal city now i need to make moves that way tomorrow.
2	they put the days we missing on the news: 2 days from christmas break, president's day, and we get out june 24. -______-
2	stamps the u.s. postal service made a special delivery saturday at the l.a. times festival of books' poetry sta...
2	daily zap: april 3rd: daily zap: april 3rd check out a whip around the league for all the highlights from ton...
2	burger &amp; blonde friday today moogb crows nest $2.00 pure blonde with any burger purchase!
2	virginamerica friday flight jfk to lax 9.15 am. is it still on? will we get home?
2	news: bookmaker paddy power's 'lucky pants' make an appearance at chisora weigh-in ahead of saturday's... pr prjobs
2	ruanlouw75 are you available to play sunday in the president's day game?
2	paulosamaniego 9/9 account using your blackberry device, u may want to follow blackberryhelp for updates and additional support from rim.
2	free download! adam freeland - morning sun (endymion bootleg)! click on the link below &amp; like endymion on facebook!
2	magicantonio merson may not want to gamble, but he's playing poker. at some point you have to take calculated risks.
2	1pm august 16th live stream + duels with miley. :) be prepared!
2	calm before the storm. i am ready!!! "good girl, bad girl" stage play tomorrow at fabc! after this show, up next is, "don't judge me."
2	watching the eli young band on the cmas right now.. about this time tomorrow i will be watching them in person in starkville!!!!
2	i'm going to north mississippi allstars at neighborhood theatre in charlotte, nc - sep 21
2	off to st. john's to help coach the girls softball team! iqaluit on wednesday lastweekendhome
2	primavera fixture list - milan primavera begin their campaign on august 25th at cesena and end it on april 27th at s...
2	we have a game friday at the knicks then back home in miami on saturday against the nuggets teamheat heatnation
2	businessnews p&amp;g shifts top executives to singapore: us consumer giant procter and gamble (p&amp;g) said friday it ...
2	1 nov 12, "...south korea continued to have the highest average connection speed, followed by japan and hong...
2	come check out the montanari bros east coast cup october 20th in new haven ct! i will be there! i have some...
2	what teams do you think may get transferred/moved in the future? i can only see the sacramento kings, phoenix...
2	who's going to pumpkins and pancakes at southcoastplaza october 28? halloween
2	on tuesday, the theatres open at ten o'clock in the morning, as lent begins after eight at night. on tuesday, all those who through want
2	who's into astrology? and i mean in depth with it not just sun sign astrology. in other words able to do natal/birth chart readings?
2	who wants to take me to the fairground's or williamsport's fireworks tomorrow!
2	italy: also tonight livorno host cesena looking to end of run of 2 home defeats on the trot.hellas in 2nd welcome lowly lanciano tomorrow.
2	6 agencies, incl. the bomb squad, were needed to dispose of hazardous waste at e. 10th st/post rd.
2	can someone give me a lift from pope pius school to hillsborough on tuesday night at about 7:30 please! anyone! money will be involved!!!
2	nba video - the daily zap: all the action from wednesday's six pack can be found right here in the daily zap. nba
2	just deleted 100 pictures from my phone, realized i look hideous in most, diet starts tomorrow. goodnight
2	tomorrow, playstation vita owners can download the open playstation all-stars beta. ps3 owners can download the beta on the 23rd. gamer
2	want to play in the ohiou homecoming weekend beer pong tourney at jackie o's on sunday? reply or dm us! $16 per team!
2	check out all of monday's highlights in 2:19 with the daily zap:
2	gregabedard fans on tv before the 3rd &amp; 16 late in q4 had the "oh no, here we go again" look.
2	i think every friday im going to tweet: yay degrassi tonight. getusedtoit
2	steilo_t2g lol yea i did nigga ! &amp; i said wassup _ was tryin to see was u going up to fairground when the sun leave &amp; shit
2	friday- to jack in the box then party at her house. saturday- go to the park and live up the yolo life xd. sunday- watch movies c:
2	on to the 3rd movie - acts of valor. this time we have corn dogs.
2	5 times oscar winner john williams will receive a lifetime achievement award at the classical brit awards on october 2 at royal albert hall
2	london conference on libya took place tuesday 29 march 2011 and was chaired by the foreign secretary, william hague.
2	yo, yo, yo. raise your hand if you're going to mass tomorrow! holyday gettingupat7
2	bethinnernow i was at ramlila ground where baba ramdev is fasting at 2 pm 2nd day. in a hot and humid day all covered area was jam packed,
2	yesterday i understood the true meaning of "pancake day" february
2	socratic seminar tomorrow about if catholics should vote for obama or rommey..i dont care about politic in my country..imagine in another...
2	saltalamacchia is the 4th red sox catcher to hit at least 16 hr in back-to-back seasons, joining carlton fisk, rich gedman and jason varitek
2	in study mode... cramming to the max for this midterm tomorrow. t-minus 15 hours til exam.
2	_justkel so excited about cannibal corpse, i've seen devildriver twice but this'll be my 1st time for corpse. oh and black dahlia murder!
2	merinodav can you tell evelyn's bum mass i'm not gonna be at the bus stop tomorrow?!?!?
2	lauryn hill's going to be at constitution hall on november 4th &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; i'm in there like swimwear !!!
2	alexisclark17 takersgirl1998 im going to hell in a cell in atl, the december ppv in memphis, and elimination chamber in nola
2	watching act of valor for about the 17th time. but who's counting
2	teaching, then rehearsing. show with the gnr tribute band this friday in cranston, ri at mardis gras!
2	mt labourbroomhill: free tickets for tom_watson talking about dial m for murdoch on 6th december are available
2	bobbyledew november 4th at constitution hall &amp; idk i guess she's out lolol
2	v-p nominee jaswant likely to meet jayalalithaa on august 6: 'some of our leaders are also in touch with ... india
2	tiffany will be one of the mcs along with cnblue's yonghwa and beast's gikwang for sbs kpop super concert on november 10.
2	from our matrimony and vacations department - the "wed 'em 'n' spread 'em" marriage and honeymoon combo. with daily party rafts to somalia!
2	stars play hollywood icons - jane fonda &amp; alan rickman as nancy cgendrolis we may just have to c this 2gether!
2	re. mik, ram, lu &amp; c dog, used to work with a few lads with eng as 2nd lang, was very nearly major incident over a simple misinterpretation
2	mohsin hamid's 2013 novel = "how to get filthy rich in rising asia". think they need more typefaces on the cover?
2	coolzjay i have deca pictures tomorrow too though.. what time are the pictures?
2	surnell also read how msm lies: thin crowd ramlila on 3rd day: n read for facts 60k+ crowd 2day
2	phuckmerobyn you know rih is having a halloween party tomorrow in la?
2	mbb: murray state just outside top 25 (29th) in preseason usa today coaches poll: ovc
2	if anyone at rchs wants their picture in the yearbook of them "just hanging out" with friends message me before friday!!! indesperateneed
2	on tuesday night at neighborhood theatre, the crowd chanted for an encore. so, naturally,
2	october 18 is the birthday of chuck berry. about the talent in his chart, see art&amp;astrology:
2	you may want to plan on getting a cup of coffee at winans this saturday!
2	the prince is announcing something with oceans north canada &amp; qia on thursday. he will also meet the premier, iqaluit's mayor etc. cbcnorth
2	flexthursday !! dis thursday!!!!!wit flexcrewgotti da crows nest we calln out da whol souf kum kick it wit pinkcity!,:-)
2	catch ncaa men's basketball finals game 3 today, 12:45pm live on tv5 and replay on aktv right after the pba 2nd game. sanbedaredlions
2	watching puss in boots &amp; ghost rider: spirit of vengeance with the family! d&amp;d character roll up and bio tomorrow!
2	fright night with meek mill &amp; machine gun kelly teaneck national guard armory october 27th 7pm bbod will be opening hit us for tickets
2	winter storm watch for portions of the wdbj7 viewing area until 8:00am wednesday.
2	gary carter on 2nd screen: content is floating free from the distribution platform. opportunity for producers, threat for broadcasters
2	truck will be doing a private event and the cart will be at the lent space on 6th ave and canal st.
2	alasdairdavis i've seen them twice. at download after saxon and headlined the 2nd stage and the priest feast with judas priest and megadeth
2	is it weird that i still remember that josh bradley's birthday is on the 15th? no?ok.
2	this is the happz for this friday movement fam. 6.30pm at sylvia park (meet up in the open space below the...
2	p&amp;g shifts top executives to singapore: singapore: us consumer giant procter and gamble (p&amp;g) said friday it wil...
2	knicks vs. hawks: atlanta, new york battle for playoff positioning ...: the knicks and the hawks battle sunday a...
2	anybody going to long beach comic con this saturday?
2	wonder if my concert going buddy wants to go to machine gun kelly, rick ross, meek mill, and wale nov 20 in indy ?? k_pease
2	come check out shoutheyband at the black dahlia on saturday night! it's going to be a party!
2	rodeo saturday anyone going?
2	alisonboner yeah kj sent an email out yesterday with info and she said she'll follow up with another email tomorrow with the details
2	guysviewofsport i know, they are also headed to the bell center on feb 27th, i'm really debating about going!
2	primavera: bologna-milan tomorrow - milan &amp;45; after a loss to cesena and a won over verona, the primavera side get...
2	y'all be sure to download that yehive app on friday too. we're trying to put msu and starkville on the map.
2	forbes cupertino, ca - october 04: apple ceo tim cook speaks at the event introducing the new iphone 4s at the ...
2	1rgcruz lyndajumilla take the cue from enrile and cuevas. besides, may stem cell na. ha ha.
2	playoff weekend starts tomorrow. knicks vs. miami. and you know this!
2	stick with libero for live updates from the games tomorrow: feyenoord vs ajax and bayern munich vs bayer leverkusen
2	the fall career fair is this wednesday 10/10 in the murphy center from 10am-2pm. free to all mtsu students and...
2	mosher_monica hey i'm coming home tomorrow to surprise lauren so don't tell her but i'm going to need you or someone to let me in
2	yearbook pictures for jr.larc's will be next tuesday, the 6th at lunch at the library parking lot side
2	remember to make wildwoodchicken your 1 option for game night meals for tomorrow's knicks/heat game and saturday's nets/raptors game!
2	jan mursak is making his season debut tonight in place of todd bertuzzi, per ansarkhanmlive redwings
2	media us ru klitschko is big hit with ukrainian voters: kiev (afp) - ukraine prepared saturday... eu uk obama
2	i have either just made an awesome king cake for work tomorrow...or the worst darn thing to ever hit a persons mouth...we shall see
2	dont look now but: brook lopez had 19 pts &amp; 9 rebs (28mins) in 1st game back from foot injury over weekend. 18 &amp; 11 (25 mins) tonight.
2	check my 1st time playin with jlin. linsanity
2	super bummed to find out that wppi is the same time as our kids' spring break. why is it in march this time?! rfwppi fb
2	shut up &amp; hit this party saturday! - pop recommends: one of our all time heroes, the legendary james murphy...
2	abieetulaoliver my guess is the kissing too. obviously they don't hear him as they pull apart when max walks in tomorrow x
2	which camera rep are you most excited to see at demo days on nov 16 &amp; 17? (nikon, canon, tamron, sony, sigma etc...)
2	flexthursday !! dis thursday!!!!!wit flexcrewgotti da crows nest we calln out da whol souf kum kick it wit pinkcity!!!!!!!
2	like_the_song i first heard them when "farewell to the fairground" was their single, whenever that was. i think they have a 2nd album now
2	i'm going to walgreens tomorrow because i know there's gonna be a sale on halloween candy.
2	photos i took tuesday morning of the aftermath from hurricane sandy in a 2 block span of long beach, ny
2	n.w: unofficially yours for the 5th time :))
2	tomorrow is all souls day - join us for mass at 8.30am or 7.15pm. holy hour after the 7.15pm mass, led by...
2	my source from the arsenal camp has leaked me a pre-meditated xi for saturday, anyone want me to post it? &gt;bruce&lt;
2	news : visafone and research in motion (rim) on wednesday seal a deal in lagos that will see the first cdma blackberry roll out in nigeria.
2	bayer leverkusen now up to 5th - level on points with borussia dortmund, one of the big winners this weekend - nine behind bayern...
2	baddgirlcouture she shot it on december 21 2011 the same week as rim &amp; sh. those 'screenshots' were for the vibe magazine.
2	mack sure you check out carolinakidz1 and trilla_guapo this saturday club bodi
2	so in flames is coming back in december with lamb of god, then a couple days later, dethklok is coming with black dahlia murder stoked
2	everybody tryna get these galaxy foams .. yall not hip that the year of the dragon 2012's come out on saturday also ?? smfh hypebeast
2	babbleemporium flying home tonight and arriving monday! at florida mall atm but got txt from ba saying its delayed til 2am! peak
2	28th in super tuesday. was chipleading since the bubble and ak &lt; aj &lt; kk after a on the flop in monster chiplead pot and 77&lt; a6o &gt;avg pot.
2	so happy nba is back. feeling a bit disappointed in the nuggets tonight but the laker's 2nd consecutive loss helps to compensate.
2	alfredoflores follow amandawanxo and meet her on november 26, outside the bell center at 4:00? 3
2	i wish i had a ss tshirt, i would wear it right now and tomorrow
2	cba with work tonight. tommorw. sat. sun. and monday.
2	buyers of wal-born supplements may get refunds from walgreens: the company touted the supplements' likeness to t...
2	don't know why i'm just now realizing that ffffest is tomorrow. someone (besides eliw92) get on stage and dutty wine with santigold for me.
2	heisesec the h roundup - google drive backdoor, wayland 1.0 and raspberry pi: in the week ending 27 october - go...
2	bring the adidas sock tomorrow trythev3al
2	photos: the 10th hour &amp; fear of none played the basement at santos party house
2	to all my shapeshifter teammates, family and friends travelling back from hawaii today tonight and tomorrow, safe travels!
2	james murphy may produce the next arcade fire album: via spinner
2	ahaaa. mom is funny af'. lolrt speaknofashh: my mom called &amp; said she's going to thee club saturday to see plies -____- mom sit down .
2	i am getting ready for the master class that i am teaching at wppi this coming tuesday which is going to be a...
2	tickets have come to see theused on november 8th at the nia! sweet, even though evanescence are headline i'm just going to see the used!
2	you only have three days left, this sunday is the last day to swim at fairground pool this season.
2	u.s. postal service will increase stamp prices by one cent: the u.s. postal service said thursday that the cost of...
2	taecyeonbiased guys he's the 1st among 2pm members :') "eng sub 2pm ok taecyeon 23 top 100 idol countdown" on youtube
2	midanispeaks same could be said about marie colvin. i may not liked him, nor his employer but he never harmed anyone and he has family.
2	"rowdycity: nba season starts tomorrow! who is your favorite team? will the heat repeat as champs? sacramento kings. nope
2	new york knicks vs. brooklyn nets season opener rescheduled for november 26: the game between the new york knick...
2	san antonio - your october 18th show for the collide with the sky tour has been moved to backstage live!
2	hisd students perform gangnam-style dance to get voters to polls: hisd is working to "get out the vote" in november,...
2	ghost rider will be joining mvpc tomorrow afternoon. he's blind, but we're hoping its just cataracts.... ghost is...
2	early voting is open check out the mommy forum for a list of locations to get your votes in before super tuesday!...
2	i'd want mannone,jenks/sagna,per,kos,tv5,coq,arteta,santi,theo/gnabry,giroud,poldi to start tomorrow
2	think ima go to nicki concert the dar constitution hall on the 21st.. 2 chainz gonna be dere
2	vinay_kumar_r, part of the india 'a' playing xi, will be available for the ranji trophy opening fixture against baroda starting tomorrow.
2	if you see me tomorrow don't talk to me unless if you want to talk about whap, chinese, deca or trig zombie iwontbesocial
2	last day to order your crew necks are tomorrow. order being out in tomorrow at 2. find evan or cole. 30 bucks. takeover
2	in south korea, when ur born, ur already a 1 yr old, psy was born on 31st decemeber, so next day he was 2 yr old :d truefact
2	help white arrows in their invisible children campaign! see em at the bottle next friday with family of the year...
2	assange: i'll stay in embassy until u.s. backs off: julian assange, founder of wikileaks, said thursday he won't...
2	bpurcell777 i got do when i'm in yearbook room so send it like tomorrow.
2	effort pa friends!!! sarah g. day is down to the 3rd spot nalg. huwar patibag! :) popsters_fsg popsters25 sarahgupdates sarahgfans
2	cmst393 here's an article about anonymous, which is choosing now to distance itself from wikileaks
2	good morning bel ami fans! thought we'd start your sunday off with more gorgeous bel ami fan art! this one...
2	done work for the week, seeing rush tomorrow in buffalo, then playing with plan b at brydens in milton sat for the halloween bash. wooo!
2	app status changed to "in review" on a sunday? do they always work 7 days or is it pre-holiday crunch time in cupertino?
2	andygoldstein05 champion of the earth" frank warren already looking into the unification possibilities, may put her in with chisora first!
2	chelsea need to beat ajax to keep up there battle with ajax for 2nd place nextgenseries
2	ct fashion week presents the 1st annual riviera expo 195 front street (quinnipiac riviera) new haven ct....
2	this week is social media week and tomorrow the lga are hosting a tweeterthon which i will be taking part in. follow me at work ourday
2	edmonton's james murdoch and jay sparrow take their new collaboration to toronto's rivoli tonight, dakota tavern sat
2	spb is bringing joshwolfcomedy one week from today! see you next tuesday at 7 in constitution hall!
2	"like" if malcolm x somehow changed your life... jump head 1st into the deep end of a pool with no water if you...
2	alfredoflores follow amandawanxo and meet her on november 26. she deserves to meet you,crew &amp; justin. she'll be at the bell center at 4!
2	morgan state calls timeout. its dsu 28, morgan state 20 with 7:09left in the 4th quarter. morgan state is going for 4th down at the dsu 22
2	for all of you that havent already heard theres a car bash for deca tomorrow. bring a dollar and support wkhs and deca beatlexington
2	on the show now, tsu hc rod reed, his tigers take on murray state on saturday. tsu is 8-1 (4-1 in the ovc)
2	with amar'e out, thinking the knicks may start either jr smith or chris copeland. if it's the latter they start, hopefully he's productive
2	jennifer aniston shows she's prada her figure at fashion bash - the sun
2	bayer leverkusen are winning 1-0 at bayern munich - the apocalypse starts tomorrow
2	rihannadaily rihanna's drummer announced that rih is going perform on saturday night live!!! slay
2	even if you're totally over the whole political process and don't feel like going out on super tuesday, remember...
2	: hatebreed &amp; lamb of god, tonight. asap rocky, tonight. converge, tonight. a lot going on for a tuesday.
2	we have been informed of caltrain's 9:10 delay of 15 min. we a 2nd shuttle on route for the delayed train. call 408-525-4646.
2	the nuggets kick off their season tonight and we're hosting nuggets fans this saturday to watch the miami heat...
2	rocking out with machine gun kelly tomorrow night! tiwia wildboy
2	upa trying to hide corruption with reform, fdi: jayalalithaa: chennai, oct 6: tearing into the centre's b... india
2	for our feb. issue: what do you splurge on right before lent? where in nova do you splurge? what have you given up for lent?
2	see preservation as it happens! learn about the kansas question at constitution hall in topeka on friday.
2	i want to see white arrows at north star bar sat + radio1045 studio session on wed
2	om_nom_nomigon pondering what todo with this 512mb raspberry pi sat on my desk! got the other two doing radio tasks!
2	gift ideas for my 60th coming in october - 40 ridiculously expensive gadgets for the filthy rich via mashable
2	rare duplex for sale in cupertino with monta vista high! gorgeous granite slab kitchen! rent 1 &amp; live in 1! open sat.
2	we've come all the way from canadia... on caltrain to stanford! quatchi s 22nd street caltrain station
2	klitschko vs. wach, 10th of nov in germany, note it down in your tv schedules!
2	the india rich list edition will be available in mumbai from today.other cities can get it tomorrow onward. it remains on stands till dec 31
2	nodarioty happening tomorrow night at neighborhood theatre. put it on your social agenda to come out support your local artist!!!
2	wanna winwin some tickets to the vice x cph:dox - dk x dr party this saturday with james murphy and 2manydj's on...
2	daily zap okc vs san june 2nd 2012: daily zap okc vs san june 2nd 2012 check tonight's e... wait 5s,pressskip ad
2	brook lopez gets a short shot +1, brooklynnets lead 71-56 w/ 4:20 to play in the 3rd quarter. hellobrooklyn
2	"basically the whole point of mardi gras is to sin as much as you can before ash wednesday" brendoe_gallaga
2	guys ... april 27 ... taylorswift13 is coming to lexington. going
2	girls gone wild --&gt;&gt; club roar going be a zoo friday
2	presidents day tomorrow. come on down, there might even be cricket to watch before the festivities.
2	flexthursday !! dis thursday!!!!!wit flexcrewgotti da crows nest we calln out da whol souf kum kick it wit pinkcity!..
2	djtayo i think they did in 10/11 when tv5 was out. certainly played at home v barcelona, hard to believe it's the same pair as on tuesday!
2	hold up!! i can't make plans for tomorrow.. tomorrow it's game time.. 3:30pm &gt;.&gt; knicks vs heat..
2	jennifer aniston &amp; drew barrymore: fill in the blank!: at the 2012 lacma art + film gala on saturday, jennifer a...
2	(even the spirit of vengeance thinks you two should wed.)
2	can someone bless with mr wattecamps hw tomorrow
2	psych0ticdreams make sure you have the songs 64, 50, rella, oldie &amp; tron cat for tomorrow baby ;)
2	check it out!! frobisher says! is free for ps vita october 23rd: posted by don mesa // director, product plannin...
2	my graduation tomorrow is at constitution hall. if u wana go just hit me
2	spending quality time with katherine louise and mileys smiley! katie leaves indiana tomorrow. sadtweet gonnamissher sad gonnacry
2	stluciemets honoring the late gary carter this thurs in game vs lakeland. carter's family, hojo will be in attendance. mets mets
2	friday starts with playing smells like teen spirit - nirvana clt
2	tmzeargasm tomorrow.. back2back. we will play nirvana. another 4 acts. who do you want? tell us :)
2	cascadianow most college kids go get drunk on friday nights, i just read wikileaks releases &amp; listen to revolution songs. am i normal?
2	frankmaloney chisora? or will he not have it? once this 3rd defence is done and he owns the belt outright will he move up in class then?
2	'now behold the lamb, the precious lamb of god, born in2 sin that i may live again, the precious lamb of god'
2	the cast &amp; crew of thecurioussavage! see it here at ash november 16 &amp; 17! fallplay thespiangazelles
2	win tickets to see manchester city v ajax with ford!: source: --- thursday, november 0... mcfc
2	irespectcb super_novarn look she may be there for the moment but rih will always be in his life so she is irrelevant tbh
2	we are playing a one off hip hop based set without danny this saturday at plan b, brixton, alongside the dub ratz...
2	ldunne1502 you also employ todd bertuzzi like c'mon man
2	at the vitali klitschko party udar meeting in odessa, near potemkin stairs. 27 sep 2012
2	so, the rumoured lfc team was right, &amp; gerrard, agger, &amp; suarez, all play. big gamble by rodgers with everton on sunday.
2	mswarburg not really though. diet's harder to find. last year, it was out til mid-nov. then gone when xmas got here. gotta be ready.
2	i'm volunteering at the 8th grade construction rodeo!!!!
2	ok, who's going to dethklok, black dahlia murder and all that remains in oakland nov 26?
2	i'm representin for the seat where rosa parks sat...where malcolm x was shot, where martin luther was popped...
2	[today 5/19]gag concert is back with eng sub! kick off your sat morning with laughter!
2	where to fit voyagetovenus in my 6th doctor timeline? before evelyn? after charley? maybe there's a clue in the dialogue whovianproblems
2	watching the 2nd ghost rider film is like watching nicholas cage go through a drug induced psychosis.
2	to go to astrology night tomorrow or to not go to astrology night tomorrow. that is the question.
2	play the playstation vita exclusive silent hill: book of memories tomorrow:
2	the songs i want to hear most on sunday are rella, la bonita, radical and 50
2	catch johnvoce in the gloaming live! at leicester square theatre on the 25th &amp; 28th
2	cjcherryh screen shot from the 3rd ep. of the finder. i think someone thought it was a romance novel:
2	i'm going to keller williams at neighborhood theatre in charlotte, nc - dec 28
2	i wanna go buy new vans just because i'm going to ilovetmills 's concert on november 17th. &lt;33
2	idk if its still thursday in hawaii since its friday here but heres a tbt play it for the homie one time!!
2	we're going to bali tomorrow lol
2	maybe. i'll text you tomorrow lauren lol i get queasy giving blood. we'll see....
2	a script by the coen brothers. alan rickman naked. just a few of the things going for 'gambit' (out nov 21st)....
2	the metlife blimp was flying over starkville, ms today. probably getting ready for the msu game saturday.
2	tedontv head over to hulu &amp; start watching the first bit of the finder. you'll see the fox logo bump, then it says it airs fri 8/8c on usa.
2	i'm in north carolina with tartanterrors. we play at elon university tomorrow!
2	-10 in the last round. started the day at tied 7th place ended up winner. nick watney.
2	catholics give up stuff for lent, jews are fasting today...being presbyterian is starting to feel like the "casual friday" of religions! ;)
2	njrod here are the official settings for gears3 for july 21st. execution maps- checkout no swaps, clocktower swap out boom for digger and
2	elon university's colors are maroon and gold. we want to see some green, white and orange tomorrow at 7:30.
2	bundesliga ft bayern munich 1-2 bayer leverkusen. bayern munich drop points in the bundesliga for the 1st time this season!
2	hd clip of primus knocking "southbound pachyderm" out with valor at fmkirbycenter tuesday night. cc willbeekman -
2	in my 2nd season in mycareer, and the jazz have maggette and jr smith starting... no no no, wtf is this?!?
2	sunday's golf roundup: nick watney flirts with 59, rallies to victory: by associated press comments nick watney ...
2	with enrile finally speaking up, alfie anido's wikipedia page may now be revised with citations.
2	bloodbeast returns to the stage with killatoria and new act predomination. join them this friday at black dahlia....
2	2nd attempt to head eastbound in a hurry. on my way to therevivaltour in cardiff &amp; i'm going to get there one way or the other
2	me &amp; amanda going to new orleans in february for mardis gras &lt;3333
2	haye waits on vitali decision - david haye will find out in december if a possible fight with vitali klitschko can g...
2	president's day is over, duty will resume tomorrow, see you all guys at cafe juan
2	rtangelpike: call the hospital in iqaluit &amp; press 2 for english. every cdn should experience hearing an aboriginal language as 1st choice
2	t-g news: normandy post office saved: the u.s. postal service announced a plan wednesday that will keep the norm...
2	chrissyteigen i'll be at lax tomorrow. if you're still there i'll bring in n out
2	friday and saturday you can catch me at the leicester square theatre in london lsqtheatre (tickets still available)
2	finished season 3 of the league and am now finally watching act of valor. operation lazy saturday night nearing completion.
2	mac_b_from_tn yeah but we have memorial day, 4th of july, cinco de mayo, thanksgiving, presidents day, mlk day, and do they do labor day?
2	jackwilliams89 akerr0 they hold 4 titles. there are loads out there. but thy hold the four highest regarded. nd vitali may retire soon...
2	the fact that after i tweeted that, max the dog sat on my cold left-out foot...
2	shelleytweddle awwwww shelley i was at universal tuesday. just at florida mall, flying home tonight x
2	day 3 raspberry pi winners!! come back tomorrow for the last chance to win 2 more! openstacksummit dreamcompute
2	sat in bed edith is on in the background and i still have a face full of white and i'm still in my clothes from last night. standard.
2	given up on work for the night, really cba! know i'll be able to concenttrate better tomorrow anyway. plus i'd rather talk to djyuzi now!
2	packing for italy - starting with arena di verona tomorrow then heading to cesena, my hometown. piadina romagnola...
2	1st episode of careless world tv from europe is on facebook, make sure to give it a "like" - teamtyga
2	i can't help but wonder while at the washington monument why they didn't utilize the grounds to create a huge sun dial
2	bostonradio how close do you think the us sen race in mass will be between sen. scott brown &amp; elizabeth warren on nov 6th?
2	presidents day is this coming sunday (9th) at the windmill starting at 1pm. arrive at 12.45 for pairs to be drawn - all members welcome.
2	will take a photo eating halo halo tomorrow and will send it to archuletaphils ! for josh bradley's birthday!
2	sbsondemand bring italy movie called 'tomorrow' back on sbs, about 1997 earthquake film.
2	catch me up there on lemon and hermosa after saturday at the new pad
2	a little bit of toolroom tv to get you in the mood for sat night.... filthy rich in the house markstorey
2	ericamlake at the bootleg the last weekend of september. next thursday what're you up to? white arrows at the echo
2	next big day of the year is presidents day. the revised date is now the 6th october. details of the competion...
2	little blurry but this is the crowd i play for every thursday at plan b with madison's hottest dj, brook bartels
2	the art/science project i did with my brother (sitting on his coattails) is coming to edmonton. opens nov 8th.
2	cba for tomorrow just want tomorrow night and saturday night
2	our founder (charliehilton) will be speaking at social media week (smwldn) on friday. read about it: smwfrienefits
2	winter storm watch remains in effect from monday evening through wednesday morning for the smoky mountains. 4-8 inches of snow is possible.
2	redsox extra bases: varitek named assistant to the gm: the red sox on thursday named jason varitek as a special...
2	he want the country divided as filthy rich or dirt poor! and everybody on my tl gone be in the 2nd category!
2	europe aa prices may firm on asian supply, but not in q4 - buyers: london (icis)--buyers in the european acrylat...
2	djkoldstone we have a request to play girls gone wild at the party tomorrow!
2	websterhall im curious, do students of nyuscps qualify for the ticketed code to the richie hawtin &amp; loco dice lectue on the 3rd of nov?
2	joe corbi's fundraising is due tomorrow! turn it into one of the deca advisors!
2	hommage to gary carter and the expos day tomorrow at rcup: dollar hot dogs, and $8 tix at the 300 level. youppiwillbehere
2	redsox saltalamacchia is the 4th catcher to hit 16+ hr in back-to-back seasons for bos. others: carlton fisk, rich gedman, jason varitek.
2	get ready for our wednesday drink specials wednesday - 3-8pm have it your way margarita day ( bar brand only)...
2	zumba tonight at 5:30 pm at balance fitness. 370 davenport ave, 3rd floor new haven ct. see you there ladies....
2	hiddi of course, you get a 7th guy in there who says he likes "that real heavy stuff like iron maiden and judas priest man yeah" -.-
2	wanna go to the queen extravangaza at bell center jan 30th? sing for queen at 545pm all week to win tix!! drivetime 925thebeatmtl
2	built4dtough first meet december 8th in the murphy center
2	for how long, i might be in nj then?rt foolishinapril: blove402 thursday night the 13th of dec.
2	heat play the knicks tomorrow
2	winter storm watch in effect for parts of the mountains- including asheville- from monday morning to late tuesday. avl wnc sandy
2	every friday join us for mass at 9am &amp; 5:30pm + all day adoration at st angela's mattapan catholic church bostoncatholic boston bilangual
2	info *distance of the sun frm earth 149,597,900 km &amp; the moon frm earth is 384,400 km. follow general_sms follow ms_dhoni_101
2	to anyone who hasn't seen the 1st half of david's first ever recording for nandito ako, check the link below!
2	persona 4 golden will arrive in north america for the playstation vita on november 20. publisher atlus also noted in today's announc...
2	kevin rudd rents out canberra mansion and lives it up at hyatt - herald sun: kevin rudd rents out canberra mansi...
2	i'm going to pierce the veil at backstage live in san antonio, tx - oct 18
2	anybody want some dispatch tickets. they are playing next thursday (oct 11( at dar constitution hall with good...
2	sportsrv he waited to long with lennox he should of finished him, both klitschko's seem to wait till the 6th and 7th round to finish people
2	finish watching ghost rider: spirit of vengeance. movie was alright. i still prefer the 1st one better.
2	i might invite myself over julian's house tomorrow now that i think about it lol
2	my 3rd article for solo travel society. this time it's all about seoul, south korea! :)
2	sweetspotnation son...i left them so open. i got em hot and said 'u can hear the rest of that poem on nov 11th at santos party house' lmao
2	i wish ron jaworski was still in the monday night football booth. i enjoy tirico and gruden, i just think that jaws offered a lot too.
2	i just set my alarm ringtone with nandito ako. okay. see you tomorrow :)
2	tuesday my bd n i going up to malcolm x to register him in school!
2	and once again, the first game james and me play in te latest 2k is: heat vs knicks. for the 2nd year in a row. we always go back and fort
2	brook lopez scored 9 points in the 2nd quarter and was featured by nets. joe johnson was absent, but should play in 2nd half. nets nba
2	ganda din pala ng unofficially yours :) may pagkafriends with benefits! but the thing na ganda ng pagkaarte ni johnllyod and angel! epic! :)
2	tendersociety pancake mix /does/ keep for a long time! (pancakes tomorrow morning, then build a quake kit for shakeout day?)
2	bayern lost 1-2 to bayer leverkusen sunday. they remain at the top of the table and are allowed to slip up one ...
2	just put a bet in for tomorrow night already. never did this before. miami heat -5.5 against the knicks.
2	just got off the 5:00 conference call and a winter storm watch has been issued from 2:00 am, monday october 29th...
2	pictures of the day: 18 october 2012: a playful amazon river dolphin, usain bolt's shoes and mick jagger. photography
2	films at the pratt: ghost rider: spirit of vengeance, free screening, sat, aug 4, 1pm, southeast anchor
2	heartthrobesco oh shit you just reminded me. i have work at 11 tomorrow at woodchicks and a call in at 1 at vans. could you cover it?
2	surprisingly, k.k. downing, formerly of judas priest, has his birthday on october 27, just two days after fellow...
2	koladeg we have to be at mick jagger centre by 3 on sunday so can u still make it
2	video: unsold simpsons stamps cost usps $1.2 million: the u.s. postal service had marked the 20th anniversary of...
2	so this friday theres an open mic in ajax we're gunna test out some tunes at. anyone can play, if you wanna experiment with a crowd, holla!
2	so xhosa &amp; zulu guys apply morvite in their face when it's hot to avoid sun burn :/
2	megggdanna you have watch the nba playoffs! knicks vs heat on wednesday!
2	grand! opening! of "orlando live" formally "lax" classic wknd! friday, saturday, sunday! some of the biggest
2	indie bands family of the year and white arrows at space 301 this wednesday - check out some new music:
2	the cavs, miamiheat &amp; dallasmavs tip-off the season with ws tuesday night. daily zap:
2	watch for the sea of pink strutting through cupertino on saturday morning. give 'em a wave, or a honk, or just...
2	patrick_amstrel 8/8 account using your bb device, you may want to follow blackberryhelp for updates and additional support from rim.
2	check out all of monday's highlights in 2:19 with the daily zap:
2	is the band white arrows good? might go see them on friday justwondering
2	patcunningham16 u just hold out to ash wednesday letthemknowthecraic
2	so whos seeing peacock and gamble tomorrow who can get me a ticket because i haven't got a card. i have the money, i'll give it to you there
2	back in the day when catholics ate fish every friday, our school thought it'd serve for lunch the best of both worlds: tunafish hot dogs.
2	kay_klinger i think staying with cole , idk.though . i might come to lima sat .
2	tyga ay you gone release the hotelcalifornia in feb like you did with careless world ?
2	unofficially yours for the 2nd time around. nw with mapeyyy argery_mae better_bitch sayotekid20
2	polar dust is hitting black dahlia in boksburg on the 10th of november. click here for event details:
2	thoroughmas we should take over the world and change monday to pancake day
2	an evening with maya angelou 7:30 p.m. oct. 4 in elon university's alumni gym. $12. tickets available sept. 13. (336) 278-5610.
2	"the reziduals" at stevie starlite's jam night at southside's in alsip tonight 10pm &amp; we're hosting our own at murphy's law this friday!
2	krystalwelchhh krystal you better heal up in time for national margarita day on feb 22!
2	dethklok, all that remains, machine head, and the black dahlia murder at stage ae november 8th..highly considering going to that.heavymetal
2	5 minutes to learn what the raspberry pi is all about
2	tomorrow at 12pm, you will finally be able to watch filthy rich clip in youtube filthyrichclip
2	i just need to see lauren on saturday already.
2	thehill repjeffdenham dccc petekthehill were the house votes cited accurate? take a midol and call us wednesday morning!
2	xherdan shaqiri may replace frank ribery in the starting lineup vs bayer leverkusen tomorrow.
2	will be at manly market &amp; mittagong on saturday. crows nest fair and kiama market sunday. hope to see you there
2	up early on a saturday to cook chili with sean cunningham at the ics chili cook off in new haven ct.
2	asiabrief kevin rudd calls for t-shirt design to rival the kevin-07 logo - herald sun: brisbane timeskevin rudd...
2	continental senior living will have a booth on the square for pancake day on saturday. come by to learn more about...
2	spiderholster please help! love my holster bought feb '12 at wppi but it's frayed in many places. urgent need for help b4 oct 27 wedding ta
2	foes to city, hisd, hcc bond measures emerge. the antis make 1st appearance just 3 wks b4 election day.
2	i need food, a pain pill, a glass of wine, a comfortable bed, and zero noise. in that order..and this day repeats tomorrow and sat.
2	b-cu fans: a live video stream of saturday's football game vs. morgan state will be available at the following link...
2	we will be closed this monday, february 20th for presidents day. if you need access to your account over the...
2	jammydodger365 i meant to ask you, did you get my text sunday night? james murphy was playing the salty dog
2	interviewing paul conroy later for leedsstudent -the photographer injured working with the sunday times journalist marie colvin in syria
2	photo: flatbush zombies, santos party house october 17th! acidalumni (taken with instagram)
2	the daily zap - all the action from wednesday's six pack can be found right here in the daily zap.
2	princess_saraw it build immune syst up - hot water &amp; lemon 1st thing, 3 green teas a day..it'll sort you out xx
2	jennifer aniston takes the plunge is low-cut, sexy outfit. too much? see ottawa sun photo gallery &amp; vote.
2	thinking about stepping out tomorrow too club bodi.... decision's to be made
2	i see the french rail unions are striking on the 25th, do the french have half term or is it just aimed at the brits?
2	today is day 1 of the festival of india to bali (from 1- 4 november)! get your tickets from arma...
2	so onedirection will be in the capitalofficial london studio tomorrow morning. hope no one mentions harry's brit award error
2	kidlatdakila chanot, you may want to travel this christmas. phuket or bali! :)
2	watching ghost rider 2 this is a lot different from the 1st...
2	can you believe that the salvation army in goshen is already working on pancake day (november 16) and christmas...
2	perry: but morgan state scored a touchdown at the top of the 4th quarter, cutting howard's lead to 21-14 w/ 11 minutes left in the game.
2	cspanwj all rw'ers with vans should call local romney campaign and offer to help transport gop voters to the polls now until tuesday! tcot
2	bure's 1st game as a nyr at msg against van. lost 3-1, bure had the lone goal. know who had a hat trick for van? todd bertuzzi realtalk
2	i was sing tomorrow by the winans in class and i was told i sound like brian mcknight.....never got that before
2	sireddiebaby if you mix jericho, dbz, fairy tales, and ghost rider in a 3rd person pov with magic that was mine last night
2	ajax caretaker coach jan pruijn jokes he needs to sideline top talent billiat and manyama played best after...
2	imaaa be quiet all day tomorrow ...
2	tomorrow?? who promised you tomorrow?? give yourself to the lord today!! the winans.
2	forumcast ep5: the 4th on the 5th- we talk ghost rider:spirit of vengeance,the 4th of july &amp; falling skies
2	its about that time! filthy rich presents...... saturday aug 18. email me for more info or check out our fac
2	met this girl on valentine day, fucked her in may, she found out about april so she choose to march
2	petey gettin the start tomorrow night against calgary. game is on 'nbcsports' 8:00, set that dvr and get ur popcorn ready...
2	halifa ayan yusuf is 21 years old, she was born in hargeisa in somalia n she is ready for the finals at the mlimani city hall on december 7
2	jason varitek may return to boston for job with - flash player installation
2	i have to pay attention what to ask the universe: tomorrow starting a course on astrology and its antroposophical interpretations. :-o
2	careless world is the album of the year by tyga
2	alfredoflores follow amandawanxo and meet her on november 26, outside the bell center at 4:00?
2	if it's true that vitali klitschko has retired then arreola &amp;amp; stiverne are ranked 1st and (cont)
2	keith foulke is throwing out the first pitch to jason varitek.... i mean are we rly celebrating an 8th yr reunion?
2	see john lloyd cruz & angel locsin at the "unofficially yours" la premiere on feb 24.for tix visit or call 818-243-2539
2	the knicks are practicing tomorrow now that their game against the nets is postponed.
2	jennifer aniston believes in regular sun exposure~check it out!...
2	find us at arrington this saturday 11/3 at 5pm... bring a picnic... a blanket... and cozy up with some wine and jazz
2	shoutout to all the boyfriends that treat they girl like everyday is valentine day instead just on feb 14.. if so i salute chaa..
2	... mumbai 'a' against england in the visitors' 2nd practice game from november 2 to 5. mumbai 'a' to be led by suryakumar yadav and
2	nuggets at 76ers: 2nd half thread: leave your comments here as the nuggets finish out the second half against th...
2	demon gaze, a next-gen dungeon rpg for the the playstation vita [1st trailer and screens]
2	postal plants to shrink, 28,000 jobs at stake: the u.s. postal service announced on thursday it's moving forward...
2	the posters for need/want/crave have arrived &amp; will be up at the leicester square theatre from tomorrow or friday. just under a month to go.
2	did you know we are cropping with tammy on friday night? $10 holds your spot! patti is making her king cake again...
2	so it's the grunge night at blue room blackpool tomorrow night! pearl jam, alice in chains and nirvana cover bands! 9pm.
2	took and hour to vote...first day of early voting..please try not to wait until super tuesday earlyvoting
2	'up all night's' maya rudolph: 'saturday night live' training 'prepares you for anything': maya rudolph,... tv news
2	leaving the n.o. early tomorrow to get to hammond!
2	who's going to be on the 360 tonight?? been awhile since the whole gang have kicked it on gears3
2	nick watney hit a course-record 61 on sunday to take the cimb classic title:
2	sun flare by the washington monument
2	artsbcdotorg plan a couple of days here on gabriola for our theatre festival in august. theme "mardis gras". over the top in events!
2	people that are like 3rd year seniors &lt;&lt; it's about time you move on w/ high school. this is not degrassi where you're the same age forever
2	winter storm watch for pocahontas county. sunday night through tuesday evening. 8-10 inches of snow possible with more in the highest elev.
2	faonews in somalia, the people are still waiting from the int'l community strategy to develop food and agriculture after london conference
2	brooklyn nets vs. the new york knicks has been re-scheduled for november 26, nationally televised on tnt. tip-off is scheduled for 7 pm.
2	went to sylvia park for the 2nd time in my life today, and it was the 2nd time in my life i saw russell_packer there hahaha
2	maejae0510 dis u download all the epi with eng sub .. may i know from which website missfarahsawa
2	hello my navy yard and coast guard friends. tomorrow we will be at truckeroo. from 11am to 11pm. the fairground on half st.
2	van pelt birdies the 17th hole to get to -21. he needs to birdie the 18th hole in order to force a playoff w/ nick watney cimbclassic
2	on thursday night, white arrows, hindu pirates and group love entertained the crowds who showed up on the sand a...
2	olaideolutayo__ omdayss , you're turning sixteen tomorrow , mum sent my cash so im going to do some shopping. anything you want?
2	going to see estelle - sat 9/15 in washington, dc at dar constitution hall! check out the tour dates here -
2	kstewshair lol last i heard the 21st of december but who the hell knows. for bel ami they were going to show it but they didn't and
2	magzlovestyga i do remember. it was like leaked at 1st so he made a new one for careless world
2	me: "little early for ash wednesday isn't it?" stranger: "that's a birthmark!"
2	going to the social media week in chicago tomorrow morning. will be bouncing between trib tower, illini center &amp; depaul all day! smwchicago
2	gsquare9 i just wonder how peter is the 1st pope when the romans crucified him 200 years before christianity was legalized in rome
2	lying in bed last night listening 2 the wind in porto heli &amp; dreaming of windsurfing! dropped off now: time for a 1/2 term bbq in the sun!
2	why wait until september to see stan walker in sydney when he's coming to newcastle panthers on 24 august!
2	uploading a new video tomorrow! nandito ako (jonya) fanvid, the first cut is the deepest (cover) &amp; elevator - david archuleta (short cover).
2	several new series available friday at the all arts market at neighborhood theatre!
2	despite sandy, the show goes on: weehawken, nj - october 30: much of the new york city skyline sits in darkness...
2	anybody want to hang out saturday or sunday? florida mall? premium?
2	ally mccoist has told the sunday mail he hopes rangers can adopt a youth development model similar to porto, ajax and psv
2	* "[congress may provide for the case of removal of both], declaring what officer shall then act as president." (article 2, section 1) *
2	mark your calendars! woody's tonight (newport beach) friday at sevilla (long beach) fb
2	this song says everything about a break up ...rope to hang by neil mcsweeney: dir. sat johal of crows nest films
2	bozo porno circus with ebm dollz live october 27 in san antonio at backstage live! via bozopornocircus
2	testing time fr congress frm tomorrow, ramdev at ramlila maidan delhi as he braces up to catch the rapacious bull by the horn. manju2102
2	astrology may be just a load of bull... but some of it is scary true and the other half is well you can figure that out! d3random
2	25whitney if you don't by break time tomorrow that is my second team! i would already have them if gary carter was in the set...
2	gunna have a dank trim and maybe treat myself to a kfc tomorrow, get me in the mood for the weekend...
2	lets go saints saints: saints 7th round pick ot marcel jones from nebraska at the nfl combine saints: saints 7t...
2	walkerackerson a dance on december 8th for all the cheerleaders in the district at east
2	anne and toni with myrtle, melai, francella, jericho and jm on sarah g live this october 28...
2	tottenham boss andre villas-boas has confirmed he has no plans to sell emmanuel adebayor in the january
2	springsteen, bon jovi, sting to star in hurricane benefit concert friday: superstar musicians born in the new y...
2	just found out we have 91 appointments n we are shooting for 120 on monday - huntsville, al are you ready for us?!?! nmae lancomeparis
2	justfranj in the cl final when lehmann got that red card, he chose to sub out pires in the 10th minute to get almunia in. pires felt
2	get down to adelaide oval tomorrow to see acc's frankyworrall and the westendredbacks in action!
2	i got tomorrow off!! woooop!! ( adrienne arsht center for the performing arts)
2	the driver of a motor vehicle that crashed on petrolia line in the evening of july 11 remains in serious condition.
2	i'm going to destructo at rise in boston, ma - sep 28
2	trayvon my daily tweet (10/21) in memory of trayvon martin - killed 239 days ago! ~may you rest in peace~ (stay strong, family.)
2	view from the valley: seymour schools to open friday
2	tomorrow night thursday oct 25!!! first blood tour dubstep &amp; trap halloween party with mayhem!!!! greensboro nc...
2	i'm going to roger sanchez at dot club in santiago, chile - oct 31
2	the fox shows watched moving onto a movie, george clooney no thank you. i may be one of the few on the planet who has never watched titanic
2	lo_x0 i will! i just won't be at star tomorrow night (friday). but half our staff and dj will be working at bang too lol.
2	uconn confirms 2 p.m. press conference tomorrow at gampel to discuss "future of the men's basketball program."
2	if you are at the rampage game dm me i may be able to get you in our suite.
2	world bank's most business-friendly countries;malaysia is the 12th most competitive economy on the world for doing business.
2	dante cunningham getting all 12 1st qtr minutes at four and led minny w/ 8 points. imagine it'll be all derrick williams in 2nd qtr.
2	ionawbb coachwhitmsm lowering the rims may be the one thing that will turn me off to wbb. my attraction to wbb over nba is fundimentals
2	worldcup party jason vernau live set nightclub miami february 25th 2012: jason vernau is back with som...
2	but yeah, young black film makers, afropolitans at the rich mix this sunday, pass through to discuss zoe saldana debacle.
2	book swap, saturday at 2pm! we'll bring the cookies....
2	what a dramatic weekend in racing! crunchtimeatkansas, huge comeback in nns, a 1st-time meconspeed winner and motogp in the rain. 7pm et.
2	housemusic fun jason vernau live set nightclub miami february 25th 2012: jason vernau is back with some...
2	in his session at the 11th international cloud expo, brian clark, vice president, field services, at objectivity...
2	next friday at airline skate center ,micheal jackson tribute night. friday night 7-11 , ill be on the 1s &amp; 2s.
2	george harrison wrote "here comes the sun" from the point of view of a suicidal vampire.
2	really pumped about knock2bag on friday w/ docbrown88 iansmithcomedy and sheeps and others! doors 7pm at rich mix.
2	i'm going to soundwave festival at olympic park in sydney, australia - feb 24
2	robert turbin impresses at nfl combine: but on sunday in indianapolis, he became just another name, trying to pr...
2	it's on....wifey and i gonna make the trip from new mexico for my 30th bday to join the 12thman on 12/9/12 to for the az game. seahawks
2	snsd's tiffany, cnblue's yonghwa and b2st's kikwang mcs for the sbs k-pop super concert nov 10
2	tomorrow night at 7 p.m... we need madison city stadium packed with everyone wearing red as bob jones defends its region 8 championship
2	review : black friday 2012 ampro t19701 6 led flashlight with magnetic pick-up tool: find, shop, see reviews , ...
2	ever seen the huntsville statue of sam houston? true story - on a road trip, woke up and thought it was 2nd coming.
2	checkers to move to south division in 2012-13 - last thursday, the american hockey league concluded its annual board...
2	free guided hike of the tortolitas on saturday at 8 a.m. meet at the wild burro trailhead on the ritz-carlton grounds in marana.
2	freeformers_uk are back at rich mix on wed 17 oct teaching you how to design an app in a day:
2	sophiebould dennydingdong dave_cooper robinsavagepics not checked with lou but 22nd def out can do 21st though. shall i text baylis?
2	discover the business value of your library card wednesday, september 19th 1:00 pm - 3:00 pm harold washington...
2	come on andy. kids are in bed. dinner is out of the way. 2nd beer is open. 50" hd tv is on. play your game. wimbledon2012
2	sprint to buy stake in clearwire: sprint nextel corp. on thursday said that it wants to buy out the founder of c...
2	if robbie keane score 10 goals tonight i may like him.
2	check it out!! big time rush: dance party &amp; big time rush: backstage pass pushed back a week, out on november 13...
2	wait to yall see the jeremy evans from the utah jazz highlight on sportscenter tomorrow!!
2	mattwoodruff29 he's 2nd on that list. he retired mick foley in there.
2	at the 10th annual cloud expo cloudexpo
2	khizm omar_quraishi hmm ok but prob compared to nca it may well be ?
2	smcsfo hi, would you contact me about a medical travel event at the ritz carlton san fran tomorrow? i need bloggers and tweeters.
2	this time tomorrow i'll be at the london o2 arena. vibes
2	"dlevi84: i need an nns ticket for sat. anyone got any?"nope but should be easy to get 1 at the track
2	galaxy tune up for whitecaps; sounders fall to 3rd: mike magee scored on a pass from robbie keane in the 83rd mi...
2	you may have find memories of rock concerts at adelaide oval. but how about a film screening?...
2	is the workman vs. lp game this friday?
2	onthisday 2005 prince charles married camilla parker bowles. "well, there were three of us in this marriage, so it was a bit crowded"
2	fb: jakes keeps it on 2nd down and sets up a 3rd and 3 for wku. ball at mtsu 46
2	where could the il divo guys be performing tomorrow night? tell us where you think they are
2	cloud computing: whiptail talks big data &amp; the speed of life at cloud expo - soa wolrd: the 10th... bigdata cloud
2	grappling with corruption and business in brazil: the world bank is sponsoring a panel discussion on october 17...
2	just watched the lorax for the 20th time!! ihavenoregrets ooc
2	eurovision 2012 party in washington dc on may 26 with live stream from eurosong contest eurovision
2	be sure to attend the gcs career exploration fair on november 15th, from 4-7pm, at the greensboro coliseum special...
2	l!! where is terrance he need to cme back to the bluff should've stayed with him wednesday instead of going to turner house!! :))
2	looks like i'm going to sit at richwood with my brother tomorrow.!
2	tomorrow venus crosses the sun and there's lots more going on much closer to north branford and northford, too.
2	clearwire is sought by sprint for spectrum: sprint disclosed on thursday that it had offered to buy a stake in c...
2	photo: scinerds: sharpening up jupiter amazing image of jupiter taken in infrared light on the night of aug....
2	mark the dates: miss earth 2012 coronation night nov 24, sat, live on starworld, 8pm. free-tv broadcast on sun, nov 25, 10am on abs-cbn.
2	signsyouneedtogrowup you still hit up the skate center on friday nights
2	but ohhhh come december 6th i'm smokin to the whole kush x oj nd taylor allderdice just like old days
2	starkville, ms! coming at you tomorrow night to rage at ricks cafe and we've got a pair of tickets to give away....
2	jets selection of wesley walker (2nd round 1977 draft), without knowing he was legally blind in left eye, led to creation of nfl combine.
2	the birthday boy and his lamb. the lamb's name is balki. come out to the volstead tomorrow for a taste. ouimybuddy
2	there is still time to register for "happiest baby on the block"! come have brunch tomorrow morning, learn how...
2	ravensburgerpc: enter our competition to win a london children's map puzzle just follow and rt.closes tomorrow 4pm.
2	swannydmp did you tell rio in the weeks before rudd was knifed there would be no mining tax introduced in the may 10 budget?
2	johnmoug come to green valley ranch jeff timmons wired show buddy i play guitar in it!!!!! this friday and saturday in ovation room
2	was thinking about seeing jaws at the roxy on wednesday, but now it seems i'll be seeing bait 3d instead. it'll be just as good, right?
2	my biggerst worries about this hurricane are meryl streep and susan sarandon, because they live in ny, may god protect them and ther family
2	considering the size of our squad these days, we could have done without extra time ahead of another trip to tayside on saturday. hmfc
2	saturday kitchen, rick stein, makes me want to move to australia
2	make sure to check out the weekly friday's round - up of book signings , interviews and reviews over at the oak...
2	mattsjustlookin derby's in may my marathon can happen anytime of the year lol
2	fm preview: west bromwich albion v arsenal 13 may 2012 - footymad attempt to assist you with their form guide as wes...
2	bca voter education guide for november 6. endorsed candidates &amp; information on the constitutional amendments
2	update: mallshow with the pbbunlimited big 4 + wendy, divine, deniesse at pacific mall legaspi landco plaza, april 30, 6pm! -- adminkim
2	richwilson26 randall bailey is due to defend the title against devon alexander in texas on september 22.
2	nysports rothstein files: five observations from uconn: monday was the first time i took in a practice at gampel...
2	att today issued a statement once it learned that sprint may take a controlling interest in clearwire in order (cont)
2	october 27 1962: u2 aircraft strays over siberia. usaf interceptors sent to protect armed with nuclear warheads cuba1962
2	gold and diamond are never at the periphery, we really need to dig deeper into christianity....phil. 3:10-18,rom. 12:1-3..... happy sunday.
2	pottstown and pottsgrove school districts closed on tuesday due to the hurricane.
2	who's next then? the togo team of emmanuel adebayor (tot), that's who. 1-1 away from 1st leg. 0-0 after 30 mins of the 2nd.
2	allcourtsport hey friend. i stopped by last saturday. will be in huntsville this weekend checking on family. catch you next time.
2	philtufnell can we get a rt: big north london derby tonight cockspur rum t20 cup 2nd round hornseyclub vs highgate cc 6.30 start hornsey
2	the_riches we just confirmed nipsey hussle dec. 29th tremontmusic hall tix on sale friday!
2	friday, october 19th - talib kweli: idle warship with res at the adrienne arsht center!
2	arrived in llandudno to attend the 3rd conference in 3 weeks. my little car can almost drive itself here. south to north noshortcuts
2	pistons struggle in 1st. trail minny 27-10 at end of 1 in winnipeg. det 3/17 fg with 6 turnovers. derrick williams 12 pts for minn.
2	fb: three runs do the trick for mtsu and they are out to their own 33-yard line. 1st and 10
2	continued : emmanuel adebayor has not travelled with the squad for our europa league away tie in greece tomorrow evening.
2	iknowushould2 will be at the tom joyner health festival the liacouras center tomorrow come out for freebies! estevencollins phillyfight
2	blimey! we have a star guest on the radio horton 'knowing your businesses' show tomorrow at 10am. marleeeene!
2	kriswhittle may get a wider training gig somewhere. hard to play super rugby when you weigh 47kgs though
2	here's all you need to know about upcoming lebronx drops thursday marks two launches blue diamond &amp; jade. teamlebron
2	how are pafc going to get 20,000+ to adelaide oval when they can't even get 15,000 to aami on a sunday afternoon? crowd = concerning. afl
2	nicki minaj kissing lil wayne! caught red handed at the nba all-star game (exclusive photos/video)
2	going ice skating friday with thalia jack helemma and jazmin maybe giancarlo yaaaaa...
2	going to jungle island tomorrow
2	with that score, farmerville is now up 27-6 over richwood with the 3rd qtr winding down.
2	msjoseline hitmansteviej yall shld came down for ghoe n greensboro nc ncatsu. its still going down tomorrow nite. fuk w us.
2	my team is pretty straight on both leagues. on the 2nd league my first 5 are nash, paul george, melo, randolph &amp; bynum.
2	rob strong charcyb anyone thinking of going to chesterfield next saturday, edgar davids v luis boa-morte!? patriciacross &amp; i may be there
2	derrick williams and gregstiemsma check in to tonight's game. budinger with a long 2! twolves up 20-17 with seconds left in the 1st.
2	do you own a business in bolder? then you may want to participate in this pilot energy program that's part of a...
2	lauren_cranford i walked out and had trina d/c her....i'll have to fill u in saturday....i wrote a full pg progress note about it
2	danicapatrick i just ran a marathon on sunday with my hair bright pink for bca! becauseicare
2	haha , am not going to volleyball tomorrow morning . needmysleep
2	rafeef ziadah is joining us at the rich mix alongside mark gonzales this monday!
2	i had to march to get mlk day as a recognized holiday in greenville, mind you i 16yrs old when i did it!
2	what march just went through bethnal green?
2	who's going to the game tomorrow at flowing wells high school? (: marana v.s fw (: homecoming
2	liverpool football club roll out the red carpet for the rnli. nov 30th. joe longthorne, asa murphy. tickets 32.50. send msg for tickets.
2	sprint may not want to buy clearwire after all news benefits bloomberg clearwire future
2	[info] exo-m will fly to nanjing tomorrow to attend yangtze river music festival on the 28th (along with super...
2	fm preview: west ham united v hull city 28 apr 2012: footymad attempt to assist you with their form guide as wes...
2	im cuming back to natchitoches friday just to vote
2	sitting in the sun reading keith richards 'life'. the man has some stories! rollingstones
2	house music fb jason vernau live set nightclub miami february 25th 2012: jason vernau is back with some swe...
2	george harrison here comes the sun original
2	our coverage of garner vs. athens drive beings tomorrow night at 6:30 on &amp; tunein. hope you'll join us!
2	tgood52 ima hit u up tomorrow. aye i still laugh at that ufc beer pong from u had in the garage at az lollll
2	photos: rock of ages kicks off the 7th season at the adrienne arsht center arshtcenter
2	lauryn_kennedy idowhatican but tomorrow is just a quickish trip. the real shopping day with be at rosedale. wewillmakeadate
2	i have an issue driving slow. so im gonna try to make it from az to lv in 3 hrs. tomorrow.
2	belluvaz on the 4th before u balik melaka can meet kejap ah? :)
2	-australia test and odi captain michael clarke at the launch of the international season in sydney on monday
2	redbacks collapse against tigers: ricky ponting and luke butterworth made wednesday a tough day at the office for...
2	explore the work of jeff carter - a writer, photographer, chronicler of life in the bush. coming up on artscape, aug 14
2	wait--there's going to be an august: osage county movie with meryl streep? holy crap!
2	if the nhl lockout ended, preds would have 2 road games 1st week in october (st. louis - oct 2nd &amp; wash.- oct 5th) according to the website.
2	tom+lorenzo talk about the girls at elle's women in hollywood celebration! check out viola davis in raoul!
2	allstar game weekend in texas for the 21st bday.....oh yea
2	another estella video you may not have seen
2	which dj on the star-lite line up is the host of bbc 1xtra's tuesday night ukg show a) rampage....b) jamie duggan...c) cameo
2	last licks for the redsox, coming up in the top of the 9th. "volare" by the gipsy kings means it's frieri time.
2	2nd successive wt20 winner against pakistan in the semi-finals has lost the final
2	guys the trayvon martin case doesn't start til june 10,twenty thirteen!!! steep graduation
2	grass/woods_fire - (lawrence county) bridgeport fire dispatched to the 6th curve into petrolia (trust me, if you...
2	western force kicks off new super rugby season on the road - herald sun melbourne news
2	shorty with the wolf pussy off friday after next on martin
2	the big day is tomorrow! mau xterra world championships at the ritz carlton at 9:30am!
2	fm preview: west ham united v sunderland 22 sep 2012: footymad attempt to assist you with their form guide as west...
2	tabor36 longballgirl lb_az thinking about watching the afl rising stars game sat. anyone know if they have posted the rosters yet? azfl
2	in the carling cup previously, arsenal played their 2nd string, but even then you could count on bendtner / vela to grab a few goals nb52
2	spacious 4 bdr 2 bth home with upstairs bonus room. large 3rd acre lot on quiet cul-de-sac. upstairs bdr has room...
2	still have no costume for saturday thekingcrawlers - if dead rock stars is on, john belushi it is in juliet jake blues guise
2	ronanjones95 i may be going to see england vs aus at twickers, oooosh
2	anyone wanting roger sanchez tickets for v-club on the 19th of october get in touch i have coach and entry...
2	norwich city are gonna get destroyed today against villa this afternoon! c'mon you villaaaans!! avfcofficial
2	the last two guys fighting for the immunity idol on survivor were jeff &amp; carter &amp; the 1st thing i think of was jeff carter from the la kings
2	lil wayne gets intimate with nicki minaj's lips! caught red handed at the nba all-star game (exclusive photos/video)
2	jarred cosart talks about pitching in afl's rising stars game...and coming to houston on friday
2	the 2012 wine &amp; roses fundraiser is tonight saturday, oct 27th! the pinery at black forest will be the setting of...
2	benefit at the rosedale firehouse for my trip to texas is on friday 4-7! $7 for hearty meal and dessert! there will be a silent auction also
2	it's this thursday night! b95's 11th annual hold 'em for hope texas hold 'em poker tourney at the eagles club in...
2	_westsidebg so if martin gets 15 in the first three quarters and none in the 4th when harden usually takes over he had the same impact?
2	for a freebie on sunday the limelight night rich mix from 7pm showing free horror films - get on the guest list here:
2	bioshock infinite release date february 23. "would you kindly...." just get here, already!
2	vronsky in the philippines? banana karenina banished o'trivia to siberia last monday night at red lion tavern!
2	actors have the academy awards, recording artists have the grammys, and now..dj's have the gsa's!! - nominees announced tomorrow 10/9
2	my friend bailey is going to allstar's show tomorrow.......
2	nov 10th lady urban(e) aka ace will be having mixtape release party at the medowlark...rt rt
2	tomorrow will be the day that ian holloway is a hero. he will say no to palace and he will show "loyality" and we will go on to beat derby!
2	estella has become really dramatic all of a sudden. it's really cute now but i feel like at some point it may become a problem girls&gt;boys
2	derrick williams and the stiemer enter the agme for pek and klove late in 1st quarter with wolves leading 18-15
2	iamkatieduke did it look like john belushi? (you're probably too young for that joke.)
2	did you know that doug wead and jeremy richter, the short film "elektable" out june 28, is going to be doing a...
2	uconnvb wins the fourth set 25-21 to take the match 3-1! next match is sunday against georgetown at 2 p.m. at gampel.
2	about to begin our sojourn on "mysterious island" for vbs. plane crash, storm, chased by pirates...and that's just 1st night. 3 times each
2	sadlertx already voted early last friday for you in cypress, nw of houston. i definitely don't want cruz to win. we need a dem in senate!
2	please put on your calender to come to the petrolia-vfd social hall in petrolia, pa this saturday night the raise...
2	just watched journey to the mysterious island and may i say i have noooooo idea how vanessa can not be jumping all over josh.... justsayin
2	pop quiz friday: which celebrity is the best player in oregon football history and went by the name bobby moore in eugene?
2	jacob has a teacher work day tomorrow, he asked to come to work with me "to make sure i get my work done". really...
2	3 yard td run get calhoun even with east at 7-7. 5:53, 1st q,
2	the lionsxii will face atm fa on 5 october, in the first leg of semi-finals at jalan besar stadium!
2	(wbb) first media timeout ssu trails armstrong 39-45 in the 2nd half.
2	leopard_chic dang and then allstar game in houston the 17th
2	taco| playground x deadline ~ this saturday: meet and greet with nipsey hussle and dom kennedy for the playgroun...
2	that concluded the ncdebate. see thursday's nca for complete coverage.
2	in the very 1st episode of transformers, it looked like soundwave transformed into the cybertonian equivalent of a lamppost.
2	ravensburgerpc enter our competition to win a london children's map puzzle just follow and rt.closes friday 8th4pm
2	'on a sunny sunday afternoon, it could be quite magical.' - designer reveals plans for olympic park via guardian
2	big home game tomorrow evening for the tcu baseball team as they take on texas a&m here at lupton field. come on...
2	ah theres robbie keane..bidding to be the 1st international footballer to score 200 goals
2	tomorrow: thoughts to wafer thin mints: saturday at the black dog yegmusic
2	chillin tonight, gig with rampage tomorrow night, have a rokin weekend my tweet buddies.
2	sacha baron cohen in the lesbian? sbc 2 make film on man offering $65m 2 any man who could wed his gay daughter jspace
2	sabrini_p olivialewis7 i had planned to, but my school finals are on the same day as cheer finals (monday). so i'm going to nca!
2	ilardo just tickets go on sale tomorrow via ticketek.
2	saturday night thoughts: i was checking out the box scores from the american hockey league - this box score c...
2	deshaan3323 im going up to berkmar tomorrow
2	mark dekanich made 35 saves sunday as the st. john's icecaps defeated the connecticut whale 3-2 in the american hockey league.
2	a little cak-alcoa primer before tonight's state farm rivalry thursday game....
2	band practice tonight! working on the acoustic set for the hospice benefit on sat for patramsey. talahasseeevents tallahassee
2	club remix next saturday night allstar will be in the building geezyallstar crazyronallstar
2	thebrandbuilder jowyang "see what i just did" sound s like you saw billy crystal in mr. saturday night. yes?
2	us wichita wild vs. omaha beef may 5th game preview: wichita, ks- the wichita wild of the i... news usa wichita
2	this seem like a long time tryin to make us 4getrt toshamakia: june 10 trial date set for george zimmerman, trial is said to last 3wks...
2	raheem_ordie tomorrow fc toronto vs liverpool? are you go at stadium? today napoli won 3 a 2 vs bayern !! scored: pandev,cannavaro,insigne!
2	forsakenmango i may or may not buy you a halo 4 ost when i get my paycheck.
2	saturday morning goon, the kids dying to play puck
2	spend saturday with keith richards singing some everly brothers.
2	blount_kidd4 in greenville? dang boy! if you still in greenville tomorrow, you better stop by and see me!
2	itsliviep klub ace!!! klub ace !!!! this saturday!!! $5 with ur college id til 11:30
2	heyy_its_herr jacobjetswagg hahahhah, yeah. he'll burn the shyte ouuta you. truust me. &amp; jacob. ima getchu tomorrow.
2	us football down 7-3 at chardon tonight after 1st q
2	drogba(as reports suggest he is preferred to start), if cannavaro has anything close to the game he had on friday then he takes this.
2	dogzillahotdogs will you be at cypress tomorrow night?
2	isis trial begins as metropcs welcomes google wallet: monday marked a busy day for mobile commerce in the u.s., ...
2	mallshow with the pbbunlimited big 4 + wendy, divine, deniesse at pacific mall legaspi landco plaza, april 30, 6pm! kitakits, taongbayan :)
2	first friday raleigh will be one of the last times to see luke m buchanan "we go back in place" at rebus works....
2	this is last year when roger sanchez took over set nightclub... this saturday he invades space miami!
2	did anyone see rachel khoo making oeufs en cocotte a few weekends ago on saturday kitchen? here's my take on it:...
2	the wind bringing all of the leaves to our feet for tomorrow, the street viceroy artwork and track list to be unveiled. samo's red carpet.
2	light up a life w/b on sun, nov 18 at hospice of the valley in phoenix az pinterest grief
2	genuine_rp true. first is valid (i have 3). 2nd is misguided. more likely to have it taken &amp; used against you, or used ala trayvon martin
2	come to the petrolia farmers market tomorrow to pick up the last of your long wknd food supplies!
2	don't forget, i'll be at volare tonight and tomorrow for my birthday. instead of gifts, please donate a food item...
2	attn: there will be a candlelight vigil held for mitch tonight at 8pm in huntington beach at main st. &amp; 12th. (cont)
2	road trip (sort of) with my boyfriend this monday from pottstown, pa, to hanover, pa, to chambersburg, pa, then ...
2	once upon a time rwanda said "neveragain". world bank now says it's 2nd most imprvd nation 2 do business in "everagain"
2	reminder noon tomorrow is the deadline to register teams for the kickball tournament at the $120 rate. price increases to $150 after friday
2	would your company like to sponsor the 3rd annual pnc bank nonprofit academy awards? see attached for details.
2	looks like indonesia will face the pats in the semis. warriors lead the singapore slingers, 77-67, with over 6 mins left in the 4th
2	it's not too late to join us at lipa 4:19 come along to our first session tomorrow to try it out. 9.30 am at the joseph wright centre in...
2	"stayschemin_rns: who all going to the berkmar game tomorrow?" meeee
2	special conference call tonight the 7th at 7:30 pst - 10:30 est featuring doug wead! doug is going to give us a...
2	gunna be a 6hour journey to ncs trip next monday :( loool idc im gunna bring nuff chicken to eat on the coach!
2	alright going to bed, gotta long weekend. work friday and saturday then carrieunderwood and hunterhayes sunday night in greensboro
2	partymiami247: the donkey show opening tomorrow at the adrienne arsht center arshtcenter get your tickets today
2	waiting for my training season with dawgs tendy aaronmantle31 ,may as well watch goon while i'm waiting
2	nielson1260 sellout-shmellout edmontonoilers attendance in 11-12 19th in league just above preds. small arena = small market.
2	first i have to go to oscars with peter and turn down custard and now grandpa bill suggests ordering pizza sunday deprived cheeseplease
2	anne curtis and toni gonzaga, all set for the grand showdown of beauty and talent this sunday (via lion_heartv)
2	playing me some of the offspring in the car. i head may explode due to nostalgia if pretty fly for a white guy is performed at soundwave.
2	just bought a steelseries siberia illuminated frost blue headset. hope it arrives on saturday so i have it this weekend... geek
2	george zimmerman will face court june 10th for the murder of trayvon martin.
2	broncineers! remember that tomorrow we have the kickball tournament! games start at 5pm at the track and field...
2	"lataco: playground x deadline ~ this saturday: meet and greet with nipsey hussle and dom kennedy... mrpeniche
2	kbolton83 goon is on tomorrow at 9, just sayin.
2	yes!+ long kriya followup tomo oct 28th 7:30am - 9am tok, koramangala. walk in for the weekly servicing of...
2	_oglena going to berkmar game friday ?
2	our beautiful new firepit is complete, just in time for the friday night movie, journey 2 the mysterious island....
2	volleyball game next friday, us vs the staff..
2	fm preview: derby county v burnley 22 sep 2012: footymad attempt to assist you with their form guide as derby co...
2	i would be at berkmar football game on the 31st .
2	meg ryan: they don't make sunday underpants. billy crystal: why? mr: because of god. bc: *blank stare* whenharrymetsally
2	irish sunsport tuesday: robbie keane rallies the troops ahead of vital faroes clash noriordan roi
2	enter our competition to win a london children's map puzzle just follow and rt.closes friday 8th4pm
2	this saturday come hang out with buran theatre on cinco de mayo as we drink up, tell stories and prep destructo...
2	c'mon chucktodd, you know the bca is a budget, and stronger than a resolution. it's a law. ohsen
2	fm preview: derby county v peterborough united 28 apr 2012: footymad attempt to assist you with their form guide...
2	kevin bacon, paul rudd and 8 other stars to appear in friday the 13th or halloween movies via amc_tv
2	hip hop fans! talibkweli - idle warship with res this fri adrienne arsht center for the performing arts
2	rt: alviniaviray1: all fans of toni gonzaga she there landaco plaza albay legazpi october 30 tonight 8pm toniliciousz_tg tonigfanpage
2	more headlining festival dates for rammstein, this time it's poland's impact festival that takes place on the 4th...
2	news of the day - oct 17 - michael clarke determined to see australia at...: via youtube
2	seth mcfarlane set to host the 85th academy awards in february. what do you think of that choice?
2	this sunday is the p.e.r.c.h's family movie matinee! come out this sunday november 4th from 3-5 pm in lumina theatre to watch "the lorax"!
2	come to the eagles club tonight for monday night football.
2	i just saw 30 seconds of tp's "good deeds". he's a 5th generation ivy league graduate? i mean there were a few but... soextra
2	louisck is hosting snl on nov 3. it will be epic. like if the ghosts of gilda radner&amp;john belushi mated w/ bill murray &amp; had a comedy baby
2	smartkid2015 the galaxy s iii will be available in select stores this weekend, and in all metropcs stores and online on monday the 22nd.-jg
2	support ceo keith bradshaw as he spends a night sleeping at adelaide oval on thursday raising money for the homeless
2	hi to everyone at the university of denver publishing program! i'll try to throw in a couple extra book-related tweets tomorrow.
2	real_trademark you gonna be in tallahassee tomorrow?? need to know if i need to get tix to the show
2	"well that's it, the very last one. that may stop you." - the lorax
2	jnelsonweather i'm actually touring the new addition tomorrow between meetings. they do have wbb tonight &amp; men's hockey tomorrow.
2	on this day: october 24 2001 arsenal beat real mallorca 3-1 to qualify for the 2nd round of the ucl goals from pires, bergkamp &amp; henry
2	just like the final shot in the the shining. rembrandt may have painted john belushi. rembrandt belushi
2	broadway bar to see allstar and bravo perform then aquarius. i'm stepping out the box and baring a lot of skin tonight. pics tomorrow.
2	"rican_amor: who wants to go to a a$ap rocky concert with me on the 14th or 15th ?!?!?" you don't have a choice on who you taking we going!
2	san miguel escapes with a 68-64 win over the singapore slingers. beermen now has a 15-4 record to remain in 1st abl
2	yo unnu memba ambrozia this saturday at oneil's place enuh!!!!!! bear tingzz production it loud!!! u hav u ticket yet?!?!?
2	bloemfontein celtic and orlando pirates will contest the last spot in the semi-finals when they meet on sunday 04...
2	i've read two very different article about christianity and horror films today. halloween weird
2	australia test and odi captain michael clarke at the launch of the international season in sydney on monday... pcbcricketpk
2	alex, the female sideline commentator for sunday night football...sounds like kermit the frog. how did they let you on the air?
2	simonborchardt exactly. back to super rugby ending at the end of may again - when the new deal is signed for 2016 onwards...
2	departure of ship: sham port: abu dhabi time: nov 2 2012 4:09am (utc) (time of arrival/departure is the time the vessel approache...
2	this thursday, destructo, creator of holy ship, comes to ignition at firestone live! surrender your booty, it's...
2	with the 1st pick in the classic movie lotto, mark bonnell selects: north by northwest classicmovielotto...
2	brackett overthrows an open garner on 3rd down. lions will go for it on 4th down and 1.
2	today in hockey history - october 12th: on this day the toronto marlies of the american hockey league (ahl) play t...
2	fffabfffab well destructo is on there and he's not playing. but lineup and hours are released tomorrow.
2	gonna go to the north game tomorrow night. i better see some of you north kiddos
2	follow taxslayerracing if you want to win tickets to tomorrow night's nns race cltmotorspdwy
2	heffronlove it does! and big time rush on saturday counts for a musical, right? haha
2	ncs round 1: mv soccer calistoga. jags down 2-1; few minutes left in the 1st half.
2	i_am_lovedx yea. i'm going to be in raleigh tomorrow morning
2	australia test and odi captain michael clarke at the launch of the international season in brisbane on monday... pcbcricketpk
2	tomorrow night roger sanchez at cielo get on the guest list here; vip rsvp...
2	get your ticket for a detroit red wings bus trip on march 22nd against the dallas stars.
2	mosconi cup from monday 10th to thursday 13th december at the york hall, bethnal green, london
2	due to accidents/traffic my sat-nav took me through the blackhall tunnel instead of dartfordgot a nice drive past the olympic park though!
2	justsayin music jason vernau live set nightclub miami february 25th 2012: jason vernau is back with some swe...
2	interview with devon alexander "speed kills" (video) on tuesday oct 16th we had the privilege of catch up with...
2	gotohell tour starts tomorrow! show starts at 615 at the side bar in tallahassee. go radio, paradise fears, stages, and solid gold thunder!
2	ginimartinez just scheduled it today for this saturday! quite possibly a day trip with no overnight stay in beautiful covina.
2	taking a nap, by 6 or 7 pm i'm going to abs-cbn. 5am flight tomorrow, hasslepare!
2	hybrid icing will be used in the american hockey league until november 19, '12. the bog will then decide if it needs to continue. okcbarons
2	gabebachinelo bro you going to that event at gampel on friday?
2	4yourfreedom1 did u see?il divo's coming to romania (bucharest) this sunday!if i'd only known 2-3 months earlier!!do u like 'em?r u going?
2	indie band music festival this coming sat and sun, olympic park. listen to music in the heart of urban nature
2	this sunday join us for "living in the valley."
2	i am gonna meryl streep the fuck out of this tomorrow
2	taking a break from golden sun 2! got done with jupiter lighthouse &amp; getting the wings on the boat! gonna maple again!!!! :p
2	moto_494 fall classic at blue diamond that's about it for now for early nov.
2	you may feel you're alone, but i'm here still with you. you can do what you dream just remember to listen to the rain ~by: amy lee
2	watching the kids movie journey 2 mysterious island for the 4th time in 24 hrs. i can now recite dialogs from this movie in my sleep!
2	squirtwiddowson ha no problem was going to mention edgar davids but i won't now. where are you sat at the game?
2	1st journey to the center of the earth, 2nd journey to the mysterious island, and the 3rd??? journey from the earth to the moon :))
2	paul george with a silky smooth 1st q pacernation
2	i like to think that somewhere in the mid-atlantic, george clooney's looking at the skies and muttering that this may be the perfect storm..
2	for april to try to make me come to richwood &lt;&lt;
2	wish i could sleep , &amp; wake up nd it be sunday .. i'm ready too get out of greensboro!!
2	india is the 132nd country out of 185 countries in the world to do business easily, by world bank! singapore is the 1st and 4th is usa!
2	last sunday night for the haunted castle and black forest is tonight! come on out!
2	jungle island makes good on $2 million payment: jungle island made good wednesday on its promise to the miami ci...
2	joannanadin you could also try allium moly which may have or may not have been what odysseus used to counter circe's magic.
2	this is buffon's 122nd cap for italy, now just 4 behind maldini in 2nd and 14 behind the leader, cannavaro. legend
2	trying to figure how long the walk from az to la is..gotta see thegoodmad perform nov 7th.. the bf says if i walk there he'd pick me up (;
2	my mom call and say that a teacher called and said that i'm going to ritz carlton tomorrow for some tennis shit. anyone else going? (school)
2	as confirmed on tonight's episode of monday night raw, cm punk and wwe legend mick foley will both captain teams heading
2	oscars well makes his debut over fences at punchestown tomorrow. it looks as though he'll have plan a and darwins fox to overcome.
2	anyone going to volleyball game tomorrow?
2	trey songz will be here december 7 at the fox theatre
2	"twinkle toes d" really, laurin? that's why you're just my 2nd favorite lolo jones.
2	eight bookings for west ham? eight! that whirring sound you hear may be the late bobby moore etc etc...
2	on sunday watch sarah g live, one of myrtle`s dream will come true - together with melai, myrtlegail will have a song number with sarah g.
2	doug wead interviewed live tonight, wed, 10pm edt we have link and other video please retweet ronpaul ronpaul2012
2	world bank's "africa can help feed africa" report, 1 reason the "borderless 2013" is so important: finding solutions.
2	going to 2nd annual kick-out hate kickball tournament on the soccer field right now!
2	chuggaaconroy hey emile, do you have plans to lp any more 3rd party nintendo console titles, such as fragile dreams, last story, or klonoa?
2	nascar daytona 500 new journal complete feb 19, 1978 newspaper from the daytona 500 race ebay
2	pires"for cesc it is difficult because at arsenal he knew he was going to play every saturday, was the captain of the team and a crack.''
2	original planned release date for blue diamond x: oct 6. instead, nike drops two new bron styles on the same day as the rose 3 launch...
2	a_collier the galaxy s iii will be available in select stores this weekend and in all metropcs stores &amp; online on monday the 22nd. thx,jg
2	the late-october best picture oscars predictions you've been waiting for: coverage of the oscars has reache...
2	ron paul snr advisor doug wead interview with frost &8211; mar 31 2012
2	jonbudabellygrl we're going to have to go see magic mike before the jeff timmons thing next friday!!
2	come see my brother tonight at the roxy! "curtclendenin: an events page found on google for my show tomorrow!
2	dunkinboston because i went to my 1st match when i was 4? my last match was the carling cup final. ddliverpool
2	wild rush for their 4th td of the night. the wichita wild have pushed their lead to 59-35 over the allen wranglers...
2	nfu unchanged for the 4th successive game tonight: nicklin, gardner, peat, king, anderson, hunter, bolder, muldoon, bradshaw &amp; williams
2	spoke to phil jagielka earlier. he discussed the "long ball" issue very sensibly. interview will be in tomorrow's echo. efc
2	davia14 seriously! itunes puts like an entire minute as a preview so 20 seconds is nothing. and i know! it needs to be monday asap!
2	puckchk did i read the barons schedule right when it said we play the dallas stars at home on sunday?
2	beasleydogue harveycusick humfthecocker mommy says she can print it small &amp; put it right on october 31. how is lily doing?
2	iiamadam every saturday night at the roxy... lol
2	ricky ponting was pulled out of a sheffield shield game on friday with a hamstring injury.
2	world bank earmarks $245 million for myanmar, outlines 18-month work plan: the world bank said on thursday it ha...
2	norwich city are the 6th team into the capital one cup quarter finals
2	aussie directioners. do you want to win a prize of a lifetime? then listen to nova969 on monday at 7pm.
2	attn nyc folks: guardian has a truck with generators at union square/14th street offering free device recharging fri 11-8pm. pass it along
2	tarbuckdavid ok i will remind you of this convo in march when brook beats devon alexander for a world title. and khan still has glass chin
2	tonight was just a preview of what bob jones will do to austin at tomorrow's vball game. vbc. noon. bethere bjp
2	[(vhl) american hockey league] mon apr 23 2012 10pm: devils 3 at americans 4: i dont know if the game stats are ...
2	the media filing center at the university of denver empty now will be bustling tomorrow. utpol denverdebate
2	[info] tomorrow exo m will be going to nanjing (via: sotea123)
2	il divo - 24 september 2012 il divo have just confirmed two more dates: october 14 in buenos aires and october 28...
2	former mizzou rhp kyle gibson (twins) will start in the arizona fall league rising stars game on sat, 7pm on mlb tv.
2	siralex671 they launched the day of the carling cup final, did you not see the dont buy the sun posters? dontbuythesunanyday jft96
2	departure of ship: al dhafrah port: abu dhabi time: nov 2 2012 3:09am (utc) (time of arrival/departure is the time the vessel app...
2	and the 2013 nba all-star game will be played on february 17 at toyota center in houston, texas. need i say more...
2	sarahndavies brand? i'm waiting for a ticketek voucher to come through. if it's not here by tuesday though i'll just pay full price.
2	confirmation that the army v navy at twickers is 27 april 2012, weekend off again !! piginpoo
2	on a saturday, in zimmerman, i watched it begin again
2	on october 19th, the new judge in the george zimmerman trial, ruled that trayvon social media interactions would...
2	also,spread the word about our fundraising begin september 17 to raise funds for a 30 second commercial during the 2013 nba all-star game.
2	just a heads up, lp 9 may take some time before i can start recording. a lot of work is going to go into this next project.
2	"xopher_lee: i'm thinking i wear a singlets tomorrow for sports day!" haha. oh how i miss marana spirit days!:(
2	if you thought the one direction toothpaste was odd, try the rammstein dildo.
2	save the date: the world bank's new doing business report will be out october 23
2	romeo santos gonna have something in the theatres november 5 ..
2	out tomorrow the players! with jean dujardin and gilles lelouche taking on the theme of infidelity
2	billy crystal attends the special 25th anniversary screening of 'the princess bride' at the new york festival
2	the clown has broken the record and become the 1st film to win 12 brazilian academy awards yesterday.
2	i'm tired but i'm not... i may watch the end of zombieland just because tallahassee is my spirit animal adkahsk;
2	mllesorbet which one are you there for ? noreinsgirl myself and some friends will be at the sa game going to twickers town for drinks 1st?
2	rrrrrrroline i got a call from bcc saying the college is open but christian texted my dad saying bca doesnt have school tomorrow
2	back in norwich city centre on a wednesday night i am hoping the 'grunge' look is in honour of halloween and not 'back'! noplacelikehome
2	zachbussey that year is to be unspoken of. remember those rubber bracelets too? i may or may not have a dog tag with cannavaro on it....
2	klub ace!!! klub ace !!! this saturday!!! $5 with ur college id til 11:30
2	oct 2nd, 1976 - john belushi performed with joe cocker on "saturday night live."
2	derby may no longer negotiate with police, firefighter unions: derby is considering a move that would end negoti...
2	thestarkknight lmbo! o yea? ayye you know they taking us to harold washington tomorrow for that college stuff
2	watch the 2012 independent spirit awards this saturday and chat live with chrisgethard and mattsinger
2	i think i'm gonna head to ulta tomorrow and see if they carry the red carpet manicure gel polishes in stores. i want black gel polish asap
2	cloud cloud computing and big data strategy - in this ceo power panel at the 10th international cloud expo, modera ...
2	jungle island says it will be open as usual on monday. to see what's open &amp; what's closed click on this link isaacon6
2	ravensburgerpc: enter our competition to win a london children's map puzzle just follow and rt.closes friday 8th4pm .
2	drew doughty, jeff carter to receive heroes welcome thursday: london's streak as the city of champions will continue...
2	i got 2 classes then im off going back to greensboro. im heading to ny tomorrow
2	iago falque's chance and poor old harry kane: tottenham hotspur face norwich city tomorrow night in the capital ...
2	samtwomiller see you in tallahassee on friday! :)
2	majority of customers in the following areas should be restored by sunday night: burton, chardon, conneaut, eastlake, mayfield hts, mentor
2	watching the brilliant rick stein making paella on saturday kitchen live....
2	dj_orion are you back at volstead this saturday? or still out of town killin it?
2	i see scorsese may be teaming up with the artist's oscar winning star jean dujardin...
2	come out to the mlbazfallleague rising stars game being held here at 5:10pm this saturday! see prospects from all 30 mlb teams! afl12
2	jr. preds won 2nd game against the columbus flames 8-0. go preds!
2	next sunday, the 15th, were having our 2nd comic book swap meet at the apothecarium! comics, games, movies, more comicswapmeet
2	with mommy, dada, apple and cherry are going to noah's park. we'll be back tomorrow
2	big bang concert is tomorrow. oh my lord !! boo hoo hoooo )': *cries all the 7 seas*
2	"the highest any human has ever gone." keith richards may have something to say about that. redbullstratos
2	registration for the blue diamond almonds shamrock'n half marathon opens november 1st at 10am. if we reach 1,000...
2	offical release: wolves open 19th season on oct. 13 - the chicago wolves open the 2012-13 american hockey league sea...
2	nonamalone313 boss lady bamboo on sunday come do it major with bdr
2	sungkyunkwan scandal on abs-cbn.. i just finished the series yesterday..:))))) i may sound like a spoiler now &lt;evil laugh&gt;
2	my 3rd autograph!my lil sis was the one who came up to toni gonzaga! left photo,credits to: allenvalladares
2	end of 2nd 3-2 predators ... preds will be short handed to start the 3rd.
2	the_outfits come party with us tomorrow night in naples maine at ricks cafe!!
2	100 days away: barack obama &amp; mitt romney meet in their first tv debate at the university of denver (3 oct)
2	mindykaling is it just me or does "danny" seem a lot like billy crystal in the first 1/3rd of when harry met sally?
2	bowling tryouts november 5th pass it on if interested
2	i wonder how the 1st day of school is going to be at berkmar ,lmao
2	ricky ponting has passed 23,000 first class runs - the 12th australian to do so!
2	love and harden hitting the deck in pursuit of loose balls early 2nd q. proof this is not an nba all-star game.
2	rambleandwander xavieremir since et went via bkk and has 5th freedom rights (which can load/unload pax), it's a indirect flight.
2	royal treatment: stars at midnight tango opening tonight include camilla parker bowles. did she join the standing ovation?
2	sitting in the sun listening to nipsey hussle
2	what i plan on eating tomorrow at the kystatefair ... deep fried kool-aid, deep fried derby pie, deep fried girl scout thin mints, etc...
2	introducing the first five selections to the all-star game on november 17th at quicken loans arena. stay posted...
2	for my 10th &amp; last pick, i went for d-will! derrick williams hehe sana mag-breakout na with beasley &amp; johnson gone
2	in the sports world kenseth avoids 25-car pileup to win at dega: daytona 500 winner matt kenseth won sunday at ...
2	mark montgomery, david adams and austin romine have been selected to play in the arizona fall league rising stars game on sat. yankees
2	mikepib matthewroesch i was confused as well. i guess it's always saturday night at the ritz carlton. oooh lala.
2	we beat allstar's gaming 2night and have advanced to the finals in getsomegaming aftermath! we play next thursday night 8pm est.
2	i had a teacher who taught us jupiter was bigger than the sun. this was based on the picture in the textbook. it was a drawing. true story
2	state farm just postponed my sale date scheduled for tomorrow for a new short sale listing taken today for $1.9...
2	anybody wanna go see hotel trannsylvania, frankenweenie, pitch perfect, and that movie with viola davis as a teacher with me tomorrow?
2	viola davis in a black &amp; white max mara dress at the 29th annual fashion group international night of stars
2	met slum village, just blaze, and 9th wonder. saw fred the godson, raekwon, nipsey hussle, and trae the truth perform, all in one day.
2	philly!!! thealumni1 will be rocking a free show the liacouras center 7pm this friday! come through and watch how we get down!!
2	russpatt 1 &amp; half eps. 1st was proper debate. next ep did my best keith richards impression with the tv. neighbours gave 10's for distance
2	today's al-ien nascar person of the day is friday hassler- died in a crash 1st daytona 500 qualifying race in 72
2	the impatient and arrogant mars / jupiter opposition has separated, but may still get one last go when conjuncted by the moon tonight.
2	supposedly the black forest is getting some snow this weekend! did we only imagine the 27 celsius last sunday?...
2	greensboro dmv employee charged with embezzlement - nov 1 4:53 pm et
2	shutdownthesun "these birds dont buy the sun" banner at the carling cup final for mikey dye &amp; the lfc96 dontbuythesun
2	nataliegrace8 may even join you at joseph wright
2	jeremy evans just posterized turiaf watch sportscenter tomorrow morning so u could see it
2	we have lots of chocolate left-might have to take it to nns on sat! rt: nctbury: anyone have an excess of sweeties left from last night?
2	attn male tulane students!! if you want to get on tv, go to tj quills this saturday night at 9pm. i can't tell you anymore. spread the word!
2	hoping i can somehow make the volleyball game tomorrow please
2	wabasha got into the silica-sand brouhaha tuesday in hearing on cup for a sand loading site. the sand question will be with us for years.
2	how we do football sunday at the turner house. big screen, little screen, ipad. gobigorgohome
2	every time i wear this hoodie ... i think of the hoodie march .... and trayvon martin ... and the ppl i knew personally who died
2	perfect little planet, the challenger learning center of tallahassee's new planetarium show premieres tomorrow!...
2	jesse jackson, in gso, says he's headed to sanford fla, where trayvon martin was killed, saturday night.
2	review : black friday 2012 gerber 31-000758 gator machete with sheath: find, shop, see reviews , buy black frid...
2	in his session at the 11th international cloud expo, ronald bradford, founder &amp; ceo of effective mysql, will dis...
2	anyone out there know how i can go along to the rugby expo at twickers on nov 14th? takemeimyours
2	spinenumber408 then i will refrain from telling you about my plan to watch mysterious island with my son tomorrow night. (he's 6)
2	breeders' cup fans, watch sky2 7am sat &amp; sun. sat r5 to 9 live &amp; sun r6 to 12 with racingraphael live. other bc races will be replayed.
2	&lt;3&lt;3 nipples &gt;=) the elite after olympics party is the place to be saturday oct 27 oneil's place!
2	departure of ship: stanford provider port: abu dhabi time: nov 2 2012 5:03am (utc) (time of arrival/departure is the time the ves...
2	tomorrow's goal: do my hair like amy lee's on the my immortal music video :)
2	augustaannette tomorrow maybe!? like during tok and lunch? i'll go tomorrow and you can go wednesday? :)
2	who's ready for the labor day weekend? the singapore slingers tomorrow, ian moore saturday, del castillo sunday.
2	fm preview: west ham united v sunderland 22 sep 2012 - footymad attempt to assist you with their form guide as west ...
2	i am selling 2 tickets to see onedirection at london o2 arena on the first date on their 2013 tour. friday, (cont)
2	i may be the only person in pottstown right now
2	mumford &amp; sons tickets for the extra london o2 arena show on dec 18th are onsale now. mumfords
2	kainis! bukas na pala first day ng secret love (sungkyunkwan scandal) sa abs-cbn. eh may pasok kami bukas. diaje naman oh!
2	thursday's rainfall bdr was 0.04" bringing the monthly total to 2.07". that's more than an inch below normal (3.10").
2	ricky ponting was pulled out of a sheffield shield game on friday with a hamstring injury.: ricky ponting was pu...
2	whoever's going to a$ap rocky wit me on the 8th better buy their tickets like today. i think imma get mine soon
2	big thurs coming in hs football: richwood ouachita, grambling ocs, &amp; st. fred montgomery. will have you covered all wk newsstarsports
2	"dkudlacek: whos going to the millard north game tomorrow??" who do they playy ?
2	dollar rises on concerns about global economy: the world bank cut its growth forecast for asia monday and said t...
2	friday could turn out to be a big day in the case of george zimmerman, who is accused of murdering trayvon marti...
2	it's nov 2 for book swap, not the 4th! but you'll work that out when you follow the link!
2	look out for the goon tape by rocket droppin tomorrow and underdogs do win by yung brodee i got beats on both this shit don't stop! wescoas
2	win 4 free tickets to party with roger sanchez this friday, september 14th at hq nightclub by tagging the 3...
2	friday fish fry and football with tressa! ffffdate
2	abl update: singapore slingers leading over ph patriots, 32-25, in the 2nd qtr
2	monday's rain (0.38") bdr brought the monthly total to 1.86" which is just above normal (1.80") through yesterday.
2	see how mick foley wins his first wwe championship and turned the tide against wcw in the monday night wars!...
2	manlyboyze i would put gillard 2nd best behind hawke, rudd 3rd, keating 4th, then all the rest, then howard last showdown
2	review : black friday 2012 como stylish white cat shaped watch with key chain clip: find, shop, see reviews , b...
2	did any of you party with jeremy evans in dallas on saturday at the "posh cool down" at club posh?
2	headed to footloose on sunday in garner! spots left in theannevan if you wanna tag along northiowaschoolplaytour
2	end of the 1st quarter. iflwranglers are down 16-14 to the wichita wild
2	bowling comes to downtown disney! splitsville is scheduled to open in december. check out how the construction...
2	looks like i'm going to bolder tomorrow.
2	last saturday's london children's book swap went swimmingly! see pictures here and read about it on the blog:...
2	oneil's barber &amp; beauty open right now...449 acadian thur (next to chicken shack) $7 all even with a line back 2 school special(domino only)
2	anybody here on natchitoches got a membership at the warehouse an free to workout tomorrow
2	brook marie had the chance to attend the 10th annual honey shine mentoring program luncheon yesterday at jungle island with a few...
2	multiple reports sate the dolphins appear likely to draft texas a&m qb ryan tannehill with the 8th overall pick. nfldraft
2	new mixtape monday!!! hosted by djyoungcee and trina!!! i keeps it moving!!!!
2	mrsdirection55 ugh sooooo mean!! oh yeah before i forget! we have a quiz on nca and english tom, the english analysis she gave us last wed
2	saturday in the d...bill maher at the fox theatre killed tonight...heard there was some other things going on across the street.
2	josselitooo nah i gotta take the act tomorrow and from there go to beaumont for oscars game
2	big_naenae naww , she got friday , good deeds , &amp; 21 jump street .
2	november 11 you'll probably see me at the house of blues. mp themaine
2	fm preview: west bromwich albion v reading 22 sep 2012 - footymad attempt to assist you with their form guide as wes...
2	today i spent all of the money at h&m & topshop. thought i might faint in zara so that has been postponed until tomorrow. also: sun!
2	mark cosgrove has just completed his 12th shield ton, which is his 6th at adelaide oval. sa v tas 222/1. the...
2	yancyfaith trudat! the case is now state of florida vs george zimmerman! i may need to seek some educating about that.
2	- win tickets to the 1-night theater event, happiest baby, on june 21. enter by june 10. find a theater near you...
2	becker answers with 65-yd td drive, tommybenson 12-yd fade to brett watercott. becker 26, zimmerman 7. 2:41 3rd qtr mnscores
2	last push! last day of training before the break! then i'm off to bkk on thursday!!
2	clearwire investor demands sale of spectrum: sprint nextel may have designs on the struggling cellphone network ...
2	brian may reveals that the freddie mecury biopic has 2014 release date, and sacha baron cohen is to play the singer
2	make sure to come to the bob jones game friday! free hot dogs, hamburgers &amp; food outside the gate! &amp; watch bob jones take on austin high!
2	no match for kmw reserves this saturday, believe 2 of the younger members are daft enough to be going to the valley instead ohdear
2	typical saturday afternoon, hanging with steve whitmire - who plays kermit, ernie, rizzo the rat, and others
2	laurenlaverne dutch uncles obviously 'crept up on you' more than u realise 'dutch uncles' lp on tapete pre dated cadenza... are on 3rd now!
2	just turned tele back on and caught the end credits to saturday kitchen live ffs failure
2	next gigs will be 10/23 pocket sandwich theater with singapore slingers and 11/7 at bryan st. tavern for wed. night jazz with my quintet.
2	join us for bed, breakfast and evening meal on monday 3rd december and have james martin cook your dinner and then come out to greet you.
2	missing half the day for the tok speaker tomorrow and friday is a day 6. chill week
2	tressayeomans yes...okay i'm going to sleep night tressa talk to you tomorrow hun! xx
2	georgemonbiot on how fungal spores are dispersed - tories bring 'em back from lederhosen rallies in the black forest:
2	[schedule] tiffany, cnblue's yonghwa and b2st's kikwang will mc for the sbs k-pop super concert in america on nov 10
2	anyone want to see knife party, tommy trash, kill the noise, style of eye, baauer &amp; destructo on oct 26 in nyc?
2	openstack is powering production clouds. in this general session at the 11th international cloud expo, nebula ce...
2	normaseaeagles norma they are cat 1 bought on 1st day they released. cant tell exact seats till 2 morrow in work computer from ticketek.
2	malkin playing thursday: quotepenguins center evgeni malkin is set to play his first game of the season ... hockey
2	ellertonzahra fashion tip for everyone at the derby tomorrow
2	see you sat at pacha buenos aires! release yourself radio - guest mix from anil chawla by roger sanchez via soundcloud
2	we're going to be here tomorrow - have lots to swap! london children's book swap via southbankcentre
2	my new sounds: march of the ants + food scarce at the valley.mp3 on soundcloud
2	will anyone of you go on the one direction concert on april 1st 2013 in london o2 arena? :) x
2	wayne_hay will you be in myanmar on saturday? i work with tom at spark pr in bkk. we have an event on saturday in yangon with visa
2	this saturday we're in scenic petrolia - come one, come all to the mattole valley community center's mid-summer...
2	still time to ask saturday kitchen legend james martin a question, he's just given us the lowdown on strictly
2	enter our competition to win a london children's map puzzle just follow and rt.closes tomorrow 4pm. don't miss out!
2	total rainfall bdr since september 1 is 7.64" which is more than double the normal (3.72") through the same period.
2	lost &amp; found pic. 2nd day in korea, breakfast at olympic park korea vacation seoul 2012trip
2	rave reviews...book now! sat 3rd, 7:30, the cabinet maker's daughter at shaftesbury arts centre. spread the word!
2	who's going joseph wright tomorrow?
2	officialpwi "bookitgabe: attn: wrestlers- still time to join this sunday's seminar/tryout. here's the info:
2	youngdriver92 1st george clooney 2nd joseph gordon (older and younger ) winky face with a capital d
2	everyone go to volleyball game monday at 7 in the ac jillkatz8 tesschands3 wkthal alxpetro7 syddthekid
2	to stand a chance of winning tickets to this vip private red carpet screening, visit the centre court on friday or...
2	someone be sure to tell george clooney to keep the andrea gail at the dock tomorrow. read stuostro:
2	mossigana i went to jungle island in february. i prefer the miami metro zoo tho
2	"milkily handsome in the manner of a cinematically doomed first world war infantryman": barneyronay on michael clarke
2	today's answer: stone has received 3 academy awards for his work on the films midnight express, platoon, and born on the fourth of july.
2	may be not sachin, but virat kohli definitely reminds one of ricky ponting. the authority with which he makes his strokes quite similar...
2	canada sweden jason vernau live set nightclub miami february 25th 2012: jason vernau is back with some ...
2	endhits playing a show in eugene tomorrow w/ bill more the black forest. if you're still around pop on by!
2	lukechandler 25th of july. 7pm at volstead (it's a bar). can you mc for a quiz night?
2	going to the berkmar game tomorrow.
2	bbcautumnwatch driving back down the a1 on tues afternoon at j43 near m62, i saw a red kite. i've never seen one north of oxford before.
2	suzq2u (he's got quite the backup!) george harrison playing here comes the sun: via youtube
2	be sure to follow the coyotes affiliate in the american hockey league - portlandpirates. they start training camp on saturday.
2	oscars 1st time at nursery tomorrow, they can wear fancy dress being halloween ,damn it had not planned for that. mommyonamission
2	live blog - friday, november 2 at noon edt: the breeders' cup is here. join, tom, pete, and frank to talk about ...
2	grantlawrence cbcradio3 i'm just suggesting it for the sake of completeness, a la polaris's may 31st deadline &amp; academy awards' dec. 31.
2	mvp - chris paul 6th man - jason terry defensive player - iman shumpert most improved - paul george coach of the year - george karl
2	if you want more books to read during the summer months, then go to book swap at starbucks, landmark on tuesday...
2	watching " good deeds" for the 1st time and i think i already know how tht movie gonna turned out. smh
2	tokcik tblaqsta mxm wena rebo, i know how to..and you guys are flooding up my e-mails.tltltltltlltltlt.rebo and tk, ost tomorrow night???
2	thelitplatform an informal networking day about digital publishing, bethnal green, 8 nov....
2	broadwaybabyto currently at the london children's museum. then dragonslive later. then to goderich until tomorrow.
2	a_collier the galaxy s iii will be available in select stores this weekend and in all metropcs stores and our website on monday the 22nd.jg
2	the jazz agreed thursday to a three-year, $5.5 million deal with forward jeremy evans, the salt lake tribune has ...
2	it's conference championship weekend at ncs!! come out tomorrow to cheer our raiders on to victory in the vic and...
2	rick stein has taken over padstow; why should damien hirst be allowed to destroy the aesthetic appeal of ilfracombe?
2	sprint takes control of clearwire; now owns 51% stake, may buy it outright
2	natalieeelouise one word-download !!!!! you and your girlfriend, sat watching rammstein, you know you want to. you can do it
2	departure of ship: arabian oryx port: abu dhabi time: nov 2 2012 6:41am (utc) (time of arrival/departure is the time the vessel a...
2	if you're looking for the gs3 off contract, it hits metropcs next monday - by engadget
2	trayvon my daily tweet (9/15) in memory of trayvon martin- killed 203 days ago. ~may you rest in peace~ (keep family in your prayers -love)
2	billy said he's pitching at the rising stars on saturday and playing centerfield. bugsbunnystyle
2	jackieee_leen lol i'm talk to my sister , tomorrow i think she was talking prince royce , but idk! she's inlove with romeo santos!
2	the pacers are counting on paul george to step up, gerald green and dj augustin are your adds... nat 2nd in the east, son.
2	we'll be at the ypaac blondes vs. brunettes flag-football game tomorrow. doors open 1pm at university of denver -...
2	who's going to the pottstown football game friday?
2	dwilburr1 a dance december 8th, for all the cheerleaders in the district at east.
2	wwe creative seems so out of control lately, the next ppv may as well have mick foley v. dude love in a "mr. socko" match for buys.
2	teamtorbayjeds wouldn't it be better to do it april half term cuz eurosong means nothing to uk ppl
2	richards2507 colourpurple210 ive just realized minotaurs 1st company consists of mostly termies, preds and vindicators lol forgeworldonly
2	fm preview: west bromwich albion v aston villa 28 apr 2012 - footymad attempt to assist you with their form guide as...
2	bigbooty_lee just hmu when you get to raleigh tomorrow
2	whew, long day unpacking the turner house. now a movie and knitting with my honey. how's your saturday going?
2	mlbazfallleague are the rosters released for the rising stars game on sat yet??
2	devon alexander's trainer says he will destroy randall bailey on september 8 and then seek a showdown with p4p...
2	check out tonight's fan4racing show! lot's of talk about danica patrick &amp; you may be surprised by her stats. nascar
2	tomorrow i'm downloading some chance the rapper and nipsey hussle
2	mashasha &amp; sam will play rich mix, london on 2 nov to launch film africa watch the trailer with music by mashasha
2	george clooney's sister: he won't wed: george clooney's sister doesn't think he will ever marry again.the 51-yea...
2	trayvon my daily tweet (10/20) in memory of trayvon martin - killed 238 days ago. ~may you rest in peace~ (hang in there, family)
2	dallas stars forward jamie benn has signed with the hamburg freezers in germany. he could make his debut against mannheim on friday.
2	dougbenson leonard martin category "saturday not live" movies with chris farley, phil hartman or john belushi
2	yeaaa it's goin down this sunday jays 2!!! come &amp; help yah girl tressa celebrate her 26th bday!!! your already know what time it is!!! ...
2	madison square garden hosts its first wwe monday night raw, featuring the wwe debut of mick foley's cactus jack...
2	hanging out with pip and estella on a rainy saturday.
2	jacobbl123 my dad and i are going to raleigh saturday if you wanna go
2	kayladanielle__ are you going to the red carpet on thursday?
2	at ricks cafe with jojocurls watching dese guys jump off the cliffs and drinking rum runners in the sun
2	benesch spins and fires from close in and puts a low bounce shot past rose. assist to pires wla beniboi21 4th goal of the night.
2	alluringmbeauty {ari heard circe's giggle and sat up in her hammock} er, anybody there? {she called out, scanning the shore line of the--
2	it may have started edbookfest but now the edwritersconf is in siberia, yes, siberia: writers writing
2	bmp is coming to the volstead! grand opening hh this fri 5-9. what are you gonna order first?
2	seth_eggleston nice. we might stay at lou's house that fri because trail of lies and the storm are playing in cuse, then f&amp;i sat.
2	rick stein has set up his camp in spain - according to saturday kitchen. state the obvious why dont you :-)
2	photo: oct 28, 2012 eunhae icn to nanjing looks like the fish was feeling possessive &gt;_&gt;
2	tuesday! boston cream, zombie toffee, snickerdoodle, neapolitan, s'mores, strawberry red velvet, black forest and the standards.
2	randy lynch at oscars this friday night with his band black list.
2	tiffany, cnblue's yonghwa and b2st's kikwang will mc for the sbs k-pop super concert in america on nov 10
2	28_magda hey would you mind like tomorrow answering some questions about god and christianity for me i'm trying to understand it all and &gt;
2	thebiglead i need to see jeremy evans on roni turiaf all over the place tomorrow.
2	want to have the happiest baby on the block? come to whole foods in westport, ct wednesday may 9th 7:30 and hear maryanne farrell
2	1st fight on the main card is about to begin.. koking_bailey randall bailey and dalexandereal devon alexander boxing brooklynboxing
2	3rd down, preds kept us out of the end zone. going for the field goal
2	liverpool, champions of the carling cup last season, now kicked out in just the 3rd round of the competition 3-1 by swansea at anfield.
2	george zimmerman made his first appearance in public on friday as he and his wife shellie have been in hiding in...
2	may god wil make him cure asap, n give a long long lyf
2	this vote for gameday bit is preposterous lol. texas a&m and nc state have 300,000+ votes, nebraska is 3rd with just 30,000.... mn has 68...
2	james martin makes flowerpot bread on sat kitchen did he steal the idea from firehousebread ??
2	right north london derby is on my birthday nov 17th, now you all know what to get me for my birthday. arsenal
2	we goin to spend the day at my job tomorrow ( jungle island )
2	jan with the new cat at royal,star and garter solihull
2	tomorrow venus is gonna eclipse with the sun! watch out for it guys!
2	according to state farm, missouri ranks 15th nationally among the states where motorist are most likely to hit a...
2	horseracing breeders' cup will be televised saturday for the first time in prime time! you won't want to miss it 8pm edt on nbc.
2	arrival of ship: arabian tahr port: abu dhabi time: nov 2 2012 6:11am (utc) (time of arrival/departure is the time the vessel app...
2	millerjr99 obama said that trayvon martin could be his "son".... stands to reason he obama may have even more sons....
2	who's going to the big sean concert tomorrow at the liacouras center?
2	1 november 1968. george harrison released the soundtrack "wonderwall." he was the first beatle to release a solo album.
2	i think i will take kermit with me tomorrow &amp; make them talk directly to him during the meeting. (i'm bringing creepy back)
2	we got tickets for the late show with david letterman which will air tonight! look for us in the 3rd row. billy crystal is the guest.
2	demi_nicole12's 16th birthday at garner. i gave her a face full of chocolate for her birthday. she gave it
2	miss! robbie keane gets on the end of a david beckham cross from the right, but his header is just over in the 19th minute.
2	october 19, 2012 book news: 20,000 turn out for the southern festival of books what do keith richards and margar...
2	colby robak gets credit for 2nd assist on rampage first goal. 1-1 tie, aeros in san antonio, halfway through the first.
2	br wednesday, natchitoches thursday, fort worth friday-- it's been real, but ready to get back to the flats homestretch
2	state unveiled their snow bowl uni's 5 weeks ago. tonight, some greenville viewers heard words mullen spoke about them from september 26th
2	jeremy evans may have just completed the 2012-2013 nba play of the year and its only preseason. video to come shortly. rip ronny turiaf.
2	119 unread emails to go! if everyone can just agree to not email me today, i could have these read by the time i fly to tallahassee tomorrow
2	freaky knight iii going down this friday at fox theatre in salinas. dm me for tickets and info. dontsleeponthisone
2	saraannwylart indeed you may, or you can have the little warbler who flew all the way from siberia only to hit the lighthouse on bardsey...
2	sortastatuesque yep turner house ! i won't know my roommate til the aug 8 .
2	fm preview: derby county v peterborough united 28 apr 2012: footymad attempt to assist you with their form guide as...
2	galaxy tune up for whitecaps, sounders fall to 3rd: mike magee scored on a pass from robbie keane in the 83rd mi...
2	arrival of ship: mataf pride port: abu dhabi time: nov 2 2012 5:44am (utc) (time of arrival/departure is the time the vessel appr...
2	departure of ship: ams 111 port: abu dhabi time: nov 2 2012 4:47am (utc) (time of arrival/departure is the time the vessel approa...
2	the exchange club of winona and the eagles club will be hosting taters for tots to raise money for child abuse prevention on october 31st...
2	brandenberg for three. 91-32. the 5 guys that practice with the wbb team may get in this game at this rate letsgovcu
2	gonna be on the news tomorrow. i'm going to be the girl wearing the big time rush shirt. :d
2	in her session at the 11th international cloud expo, lauren cotugno, distinguished technologist, cloud consultin...
2	cup game this sunday, away at hamsey rangers - 10.30 k/o. tickets available on the gate on online through the ssfc website! ssfc cuprun
2	after months of contemplation, i will unveil my remix to "ni**as in paris" on the 23rd live.
2	emilydixon_99 november 10 &amp; 11. opening/closing show tix are $25 through ticketek. for the other shows it's just a gold coin on the day :)
2	fashion against aids collection by h&m is hitting the stores on thursday,and we've already made our top10 selection hm
2	arsenal fixtures out...i am going to target nov 17 for my trip to emirates. north london derby...vs the spuds. liverintraining
2	borntorun703 jolynn_giancola cece_giancola heatono reganohara1 game night at the oneil household tomorrow 6 bethere
2	acritesoulja have trina call me when you get there, i'm tryna go by there tomorrow
2	the lights will go out at gampel and calhoun will slide to midcourt on a wire saturday to try to fire up the crowd. spbowley
2	rampage forward greg rallo ties the game at 2-2 at 4:25 of the 2nd period. howden and shore with the assists.
2	gonna watch goon for the 27th time now
2	sunday afternoon with amy lee on amfm till 4pm. when i hand over to hit 40 uk with mark james.
2	tomorrow venus will transit across the sun. it won't happen again for a century. programme about it on bbc2 at 9 tonight. spacefact
2	get to know amy lee! want to know more about evanescence's leading lady amy lee? amy sat down to answer some of...
2	first reviews of lincoln: steven spielberg is the one to beat at the oscars | herald sun:
2	at the greensboro comedy zone working on material i might use tomorrow during the 2nd round of the ultimate comic competition
2	george zimmerman is scheduled to go on trial june 10th for the shooting death of 17-year-old trayvon martin.
2	the next morning, the 8th of january, after a day and night passed at the corral, smith and ayrton returned to granite house.
2	preparing a saturday roast, meanwhile rick stein criticises modern film on the telly. the world has gone slightly backwards.
2	members: we will be helping at the polls tomorrow and saturday as greeters. if interested we are working at garner until 7 tomorrow
2	in nyc. do i wanna see 5x tony winner, peter &amp; the starcatcher or paul rudd on stage on thurs?
2	nfl ticket at the eagles club presents the thursday night contest steelers and titans
2	arrival of ship: nms 202 port: abu dhabi time: nov 2 2012 6:21am (utc) (time of arrival/departure is the time the vessel approach...
2	on sunday come to nikkibeachmiami - jason vernau - say "travis's list" at the door for free entry 4pm-midnight or reduced $10 midnight-2am
2	middleschoolmemories when i went to marana for the last 2 months of 8th grade i got sent to iss everyday.
2	don't forget that the exclusive screening of skyfall takes place this thursday at cineplex oasis mall.red carpet...
2	join richard, estella, sophia, tj, and erwin this friday at the ccp! tickets: p600/p800 (vip). contact 09109839513 now!
2	jaxicandy not that far yet but would prob start the 1st night of the roxy
2	. nchsaa 4a boys soccer playoffs on saturday: wilmington new hanover at garner with a 5 pm start confirmed
2	exclusive interview with james martin in our jan/feb issue. want to promote your valentines menu or any jan offers? e:craigmaplesdensky.com
2	lnt_music is having a show nov 10th the house of blues friends or anybody hmu if u want to go thanks :)
2	what will happen to portchuck if port charles voters vote to change the name of the city to port pine view on the nov 6th referendum?
2	at the end of the third the new mexico stars lead the wichita wild 39-34. any guesses how the 4th quarter will shake out?
2	dealbook: clearwire is sought by sprint for spectrum - sprint disclosed on thursday that it had offered to buy a sta...
2	h&m's fashion against aids collection is available on april 26th. 25% of the sale price goes to aids prevention.
2	the disco balls are being polished...are you ready!?! this thursday night! join us at the adrienne arsht center...
2	30 free tickets to watch saigon heat vs singapore slingers in singapore,4pm apr 29 for the first 30 fans email to communitysaigonheat.com
2	jason vernau live surfcomber march 16 th 2012 miami wmc pool party with robbie rivera &amp; friends by djjasonvernau
2	star's office hours are in scc room 324 sunday and monday: 1-8pm, tuesday-thursday 1-9pm come talk to us about anything!
2	the perfect storm (with george clooney) v. the day after tomorrow (with jake gyllenhaal, dennis quaid) -- sandy more comparable to ...
2	in her hands-on workshop session at the 11th international cloud expo, diane mueller, the cloud evangelist for a...
2	hey redarmy, vote for your perthwildcats to be part of the all-star game on december 22! go the south!
2	doing two keynotes in kc tomorrow . goint to nascar today. i want to see if i can sit shotgun with danica patrick.
2	has ny budy have idea about at when we will receive study material for the bca 2nd year for which the exam will held in december, pls advise
2	trayvon my daily tweet (9-09) in memory of trayvon martin- killed 197 days ago. ~may you rest in peace~ (praying and hoping for the family)
2	rick stein reckons tuna is like roast beef to the japanese. anyone for tuna with yorkshire pudding &amp; sunday roast? goodfoodchannel
2	tuesday's rainfall bdr was 0.64" which is a record for the date.
2	whoever replies 1st with the correct answer wins 4 tickets for sesame street live, sat 10:30am performance at rupp, and an elmo plush doll.
2	australia test and odi captain michael clarke at the launch of the international season in sydney on monday
2	zimmerman to appear in court: a notice to appear was filed thursday in the case against george zimmerman.
2	on the net looking to buy a house in rosedale by april at least 4bdrms n 2full baths
2	queen's brian may says freddie mercury biopic is on the way. sacha baron cohen will play the role of mercury. via nme
2	tune into nascarespn for live coverage of tonight's nns race. kevinharvick starts 5th in the 200-lap event. nascar
2	tsharklv 1st up, obama on that poster with that caption??? trayvon had parents just like dad on the right. like they don't grieve?
2	who's going to a$ap rocky on sunday at house of blues?
2	potential upset alert: the wichita wild only trail the allen wranglers 27-33 with 2:33 left in the 3rd quarter.
2	keltron76 your helicopter may be wicked, but your billy crystal is gonna be the going2bgreat
2	uploading random pics! lol this is me last sunday at a show at the adrienne arsht center!
2	i sure hope the skate center plays decent music tomorrow cpolk_22
2	george clooney may cast 'artist' star jean dujardin in his next film 'the monuments men' . us army team chases down art stolen by the nazi's
2	fatal rollover near richwood: a fatal rollover was reported wednesday morning on county road 34 just east of ric...
2	sprint offers to buy stake in clearwire: sprint nextel corp. said thursday that it had offered t... washingtonnews
2	auburn will square off with ucf, texas a&m, ohio st, lsu, tennessee, texas tech and houston in the women's finals of the 4x1 at 12:05 on fri
2	just 5 days left for the e! red carpet live jewelry fashion show!saturday, november 4. rsvp seating is limited!...
2	bright moonlight later may hamper auroral observations, but jupiter and the moon are very close tonight.
2	interview with h&m tomorrow at half 12. me nerves.
2	who's going to zimmerman on saturday?
2	envy everyone going to the big bang shows tomorrow and saturday. ;_;
2	im only a few months away from leaving 8th grade and i alrady know wat university im going to to its going to be the university of denver
2	tomorrow venus will pass in front of the sun. it will b a small dot, if u happen to look at the sun.
2	kylepetty : pit road speed limits are the major cause of fuel mileage racing. the king's 7th daytona 500 win is the only mileage race prior
2	so i haven't seen this friend since 7th grade and i just found out she's in the covina band! they go to utah!
2	can you all send get well soon messages to tressa she is the co-owner and she broke her leg and tomorrow is her birthday
2	departure of ship: jumbo spirit port: abu dhabi time: nov 2 2012 4:49am (utc) (time of arrival/departure is the time the vessel a...
2	ptmediaweb we many not to get watch any nhl games, but we can watch evgeni malkin and alex ovechkin in the khl!
2	christianity isn't just a sunday thing
2	reruns of big bang theory &gt; cma awards. everyday of the week &amp; twice on sunday.
2	arrival of ship: sham port: abu dhabi time: nov 1 2012 6:27pm (utc) (time of arrival/departure is the time the vessel approaches ...
2	back and forth at baylor ballpark. dan evatt 2 rbi single gives baylor a 6-5 lead over texas a&m in the bottom of the 6th.
2	cricket australia have downplayed ricky ponting's hamstring injury, saying he should be ready to play in the first test on nov 9. cricket
2	a little 90s rock set crowd pic at jumby bay in jupiter.....saturday... we rock the thirsty turtle in port st lucie:)
2	i think i am going to take this trip to raleigh on saturday!
2	nonagon7 i think the tapes are march/april while soundwave is dec
2	cold cold cold but the sun is rising over twickers.
2	8th day on a flight to university of denver!! check out who is in the seat near the band!! they call him milton.
2	cbs2-a clip of the beautiful viola davis...guest on tomorrow's thetalk_cbs. watch at five! thetalk
2	cattleyanectar yep. turner house room 456 on the 4th floor
2	good by eth38, quickly punched out!rt bencuzzupe: tippett saga turning more than 5th day wicket at the adelaide oval:
2	ferry corsten vs armin van buuren - brute (armin's illegal drum edit) c'mon make some noise!!!!!!!!!!!!
2	dealbook: clearwire is sought by sprint for spectrum: sprint disclosed on thursday that it had offered to buy a ...
2	before you make plans for this friday night, check out this event benefitting bolder options rochester. it'll be...
2	member monday for prelim v crows from 9am-9pm today through ticketek. 4 tickets per barcode with max of 8 in a transaction. always
2	mattjonescbb will ky play in rupp for the 2 and 3rd rounds of the tournament. plz reply
2	tcfever and wichita wild still tied 14-14 at the end of the 1st quarter. kappkvew
2	pabsty27 member monday for prelim v crows from 9am-9pm tomorrow through ticketek. 4 tickets per barcode with max of 8 in a transaction
2	looks like bj's skate center is the place to be in st joe on a friday night!
2	mr_knight92 klub ace!!! klub ace !!!! this saturday!!! $5 with ur college id til 11:30...south after party
2	tomorrow is the last day i will see trayvon.&lt;/3
2	spurs striker emmanuel adebayor will miss thursday's uel game against lazio with a hamstring injury.
2	live at the roxy on the 11th of november!!! get your tickets now!
2	lastcaress1972 hey nowt wrong with a bit of german cheese!!! i hoping they 2nd rammstein at download!!! whatapair
2	tiffany, cnblue's yonghwa and b2st's kikwang will mc for the sbs k-pop super concert in america on nov 10:
2	this saturday! come see what it's like to train for the nfl combine at body space fitness. click the link below...
2	the show on sunday is at the house of blues in cleveland. the photo was taken at water street music hall in rochester :/ happyhalloween
2	world bank to lend to burma for the 1st time in 25 years - bbc news burma
2	fm preview: derby county v peterborough united 28 apr 2012 - footymad attempt to assist you with their form guide as...
2	blakemeacake15 don't eat until friday between the hours of 5-10 and go to ricks cafe in randolph to get food, ya dig?
2	kevin bacon, paul rudd and 8 other stars to appear in friday the 13th or halloween movies: guess which famous fa...
2	may or may not be in the same building as viola davis right now nbd
2	the women's volleyball team will be playing in the semi-final playoff game tomorrow at 7pm against johnson and wales university.
2	kyletucker_cj feel like more would've stayed if they just ran today's all-access first. sort of late to wait around for the 2nd one at rupp
2	i'm such a groupie...just watched the "ni**as in paris" video---&gt; 1st thing i said was..."i just ordered that snapback jay is wearing!!!
2	asap....come to my house tomorrow and entertain me instead of everyone else going to the concert.
2	damn rivergate skate center used 2 b the spot to b on friday the 13th.
2	ferry corsten at space tonight ahhhhhhhhhh think i may just have to go for one after work ;)
2	gareth bale has warned his side not to take norwich city lightly as the two sides prepare to battle in the capital one cup on wednesday.
2	anyone heading to h&m on thurs to shop the fashion v aids collection? sneak peek here: via collegefashion
2	jean dujardin may join the unlikely duo of leo dicaprio and jonah hill in the wolf of wall street.
2	jenstevensdub golf is the camilla parker bowles in our relationship. and yes, two!! u heard i'm going freelance? 1st order of business!
2	binarydad some guy served his food on a frickin big pebble on saturday kitchen. just put it on the floor why don't you?
2	petrolia art in the park is tomorrow and saturday! we will be set up in front of mercantile co. on petrolia line across from the park!
2	nas takes over the london o2 arena on 19/03/2013! pre-sale tickets available here - pre-sale ends tomorrow!
2	rdew925 erieotters are having monstershockey day saturday. want to go? avs prospect michael clarke plays for windsor.
2	sport: calling all tayside football fans! the wave102footballphonein kicks off at 6pm on wednesday! join the debate! dufc dfc spl
2	petervecsey1 millsap, al... favors is getting there and kanter will. is jeremy evans your 5th? idk about that. if evans is legit, i think
2	roslyngjones i'm going tuesday to the house of blues to see a$ap rocky
2	review : black friday 2012 maxxima mln-10 led night light with sensor (pack of 4): find, shop, see reviews , bu...
2	'edgar davids pulled on his boots to lead bottom of league 2 barnet to their first win of the season on friday night'
2	tomorrow venus will transit the sun for the last time for the next 105 years. forecast - weatherbomb
2	economic timeswashing hands will keep the doctor awaydawn.comislamabad, oct 15: the world bank's strategic environmental assessment r...
2	how to catch a star will be captivating children this friday at stantonbury campus. 2.30 show. see you all there
2	wednesday's rain (0.01") bdr brought the monthly total to 3.24" which is still nearly a half-inch below normal (3.64").
2	also...sun belt barn burner on the u...mtsu just took a kick to the house to go up 34-27 on western kentucky rmjackson13 mtsu
2	a warm thursday for cenla with highs in the 80s for the sixth straight day. natchitoches and colfax led the way with 88.kalb5
2	ritchie_warden9 thewebbcup 8th as im going to eng v nz at twickers on the 1st
2	i regularly drink thwaites best at the welly on a monday. nectar. in the fox twickers, utter shite.
2	ctvnationalnews's lloyd robertson set to sign off tonight after 41 years as a national news anchor.
2	nature's own 'cloud' went head to head with amazon and microsoft on sunday...and won. cloud
2	watch latoya tonight on dr drew 8:00pm central time! what she thinks should happen to conrad murray!!!!
2	since the droid bionic is coming out on september 8, i really have some deciding to do between it and the supposed new iphone.
2	steve jobs biography may be available in time for the ipad 3
2	rt vomitsherminddx: britney: lady gaga's here tonight. me: what? *watches gaga the rest of the night * me: who's concert was that ? i ...
2	hmm.. sby deh. rt tujukutu: kung fu panda 2 (in 2d & 3d, both with indonesian subtitles) tentatively scheduled to open on tues 16 august
2	rt pinkysibbs: rt pinkysibbs: i've got one ticket to the michael jackson tribute gig for sale on oct 8th dm me for details,please rt!
2	kris_ten1186 we are just preparing for ios5 when steve jobs has us tweet everything! i hope you enjoy your day today! see you tomorrow!
2	rt quizderek: elvis presley's 34th death anniversary is on aug 16. shammi kapoor, the man they often called india's elvis presley
2	if your still running windows xp, then it may be time to upgrade to windows 7 to ensure you receive latest upgrades and support in future
2	the raiders play the cardinals today let's see how they start off pre-season. last yr they were weak af
2	michael jackson - hollywood tonight
2	why not join us for breakfast this morning at 9am for the opening game of the 2011 rugby world cup as host nation new zealand play tonga
2	waok the sports kings: uga gets ready for boise state!: yesterday no. 19 georgia scrimmaged against the bull...
2	will testdrive the new nokia n9 phone with our newest app starting on thursday :-)
2	a quote from 23 yrs. ago today -- "republicans understand the importance of bondage between parent & child."......man, i miss dan quayle.
2	droid bionic is out today. if any pr reps will send one my way, i'll talk about it here there and...
2	threeuk rumour has it the nokia n9 is coming to 3 in september? true?
2	samvescovi darrenvescovi what are two doing for the steelers game tomorrow?
2	rt krmullins1964: remember in 2008 when obama said he would fundamentally transform the usa? with the debt downgrade on friday, we are ...
2	today on the jasmine brand: lil wayne says atl crowd sux, beyonce in part 2 of wtt trailer + rihanna straddles old man
2	just realized facebook is using bing maps now.. i guess it makes sense given that they're partly owned by microsoft.
2	rt tujukutu: kung fu panda 2 (in 2d & 3d, both with indonesian subtitles) tentatively scheduled to open on tues 16 august ^isk. infobiz |
2	"rt princeofgotham: lagana johnashimself either of you la guys going to summerslam on sunday?" i'll be around, but not at the show.
2	rt tonygrace: tonight on ctv news at 6, i'll have a conversation with lloyd robertson as he prepares to anchor ctv national news for th ...
2	cicelycindy blitzmegaplex kung fu panda 2 (in 2d & 3d, both with indonesian subtitles) tentatively scheduled to open on tues 16 august
2	camp notebook day 10: the raiders took the field for their 10th practice of training camp and started to prepare for...
2	"build a nation" heard it today for the first time....*fist pump in the air* rtgalamolabi: who run the world remix with nicki minaj boity
2	i'm bout to just listen to nicki minaj all night
2	coming up next....the main event of the evening....anderson silva vs yushin okami...
2	as many of you know, my bill to phase out the mta payroll tax passed the senate on june 15th. speaker silver...
2	ufc jesseseedath yushin okami isn't just anderson silva's opponent saturday night - he's the only... -
2	this week marks the 34th anniversary of the death of elvis presley. elvis died in memphis on august 16, 1977 at...
2	brittanyannmma update me on shores when u get the chance. btw- i finished 5th in japan open weight.
2	steve jobs: source: www.quotationspage.com --- sunday, august 14, 2011"you can't just ask customers what they wa...
2	i hope there's people like the inbetweeners at 6th form.
2	{haha ziiinggg} rt zingbot_3000: all across the us, with live feeds down, big brother fans are seeing the sun for the first time in months.
2	could this convince you to buy? rt iphoneplaza: verizon may offer early upgrades for droid bionic and iphone 5 buyers
2	ufc 134: anderson silva vs. yushin okami gambling spotlight: a handful of ufc 134 props to make your night a lit...
2	rt jimwexell: source says wrs dorin dickerson and juaquin iglesias, te jeff dugan and ol donald thomas worked out with steelers yesterday.
2	president obama on thursday named former microsoft and fcc executive steven vanroekel as the new federal chief information officer (cio).
2	bisaa rt blitzmegaplex: kung fu panda 2 (in 2d & 3d, both with indonesian subtitles) tentatively scheduled to open on tues 16 august ^isk
2	took down all my disney star posters (and twilight, about time) so i can put up all the hp ones i got today from a poster book (100 posters)
2	rt thequietus: pj harvey to play the royal albert hall for the first time this october
2	rt dandelionfuzz: mta says it may close city subway if hurricane irene packs too big a punch.
2	did i just see what i think i did on sportscenter? real madrid signed a 7th old? wow
2	omar_quraishi obama has over 8 million followers.i think only a few read every tweet. that may be the case with all others.
2	did you know, lady gaga reads "letters to a young poet" every morning?
2	trynna go to the movies today and see "rise of the planet of the apes !"
2	today's google offer in seattle - up to 50% off at the seattle aquarium
2	now that droid bionic is finally "official" for 9/8, i'll just wait til oct so i have something to compare it to. vigor or prime maybe?
2	rt servetheway: michael jackson - hollywood tonight
2	'machete' star danny trejo and david hasselhoff to guest star in the 4th season of 'sons of anarchy' via the_stir
2	rt nickrexum: so nickhexum apparently just announced at powwow 311day is in vegas and there is another cruise in may (to hawaii). too ...
2	boehner proposes obama speech be on the same night as nfl opening night...
2	morning paper: georgia gets ready for the big opener it 'needed.' boise state looks for a kicker. the bangles.
2	oitslauren hey since you asked me yesterday this is what the king looks like aka anderson silva aka 'the spider'
2	lmao rt skinnycuh: they should make a new friday and have kevin hart katt williams and mike epps in it.
2	real to sign neymar in december - report - bangkok post: real madrid has reached a deal with santos to sign gift...
2	final destination 5 opens this friday. tell us about your closest brush with death for a chance to win a pair of...
2	i just typed in "the bazura project" into google images and the 7th image is a photo of my dad. also glenn with moustache is there. whatthe
2	microsoft are suffering an outage this evening with their uk & european cloud services including hosted exchange.
2	august 28 i'm playing a los angeles charity event at bootleg theater...mia kirshner of vampire diaries heading it up. come out!
2	except u're charlie sheen... rt princecbn: is it true that you tell people 'top of the morning' only when you had sex the previous night?
2	dear tiger woods, i need you to carry those last 3 holes over to thursday. w/o nba i'm gonna need you to step up. michael
2	lloyd robertson ended show with mention of his plaque from stratford today. joked that bieber didn't get there 1st. bieberbestedagain
2	i'm going to machine head at sala razzmatazz in barcelona, spain - nov 15
2	gabbz83 me too. netflix night with wifey and kids.
2	repost: : microsoft's tv subscription, if not rumored may launch with apple's icloud - international business times
2	rt nodqdotcom: we'll be tweeting live summerslam updates next sunday on-location at staples center for the 3rd straight year! please sp ...
2	rt fauxjohnmadden: with the start of nfl preseason upon us.. tonight marks the beginning of the raiders season, and the end of the raid ...
2	:o rt blitzmegaplex: kung fu panda 2 (in 2d & 3d, both with indonesian subtitles) tentatively scheduled to open on tues 16 august ^isk
2	microsoft & nokia holding a get together on august 17, 2011: august 17 could be the day we see an official annou...
2	vittoriotafur any word on when the raiders will be releasing their depth chart for thursday?
2	pre-practice odds and ends: the raiders return to practice today after an off day sunday. the provisions set for...
2	i think michael jackson was murdered. not by conrad murray, but he aided and abetted. i think someone else was in the house that morning.
2	yesterday judge pastor ruled there will be no more delays in the conrad murray manslaughter trial. he also stated...
2	today's triviathrusday is the first i didn't have to look up.... who doesn't know steve jobs worked at atari!
2	had a little trip out to the old town of albuquerque, could easily be mexico or spain! off to vegas 2moz should get there monday morning!
2	van_gucci1 you wanna go see inbetweeners next wednesday?
2	will the so cal earthquake hit already, so it doesn't hit during summerslam or next weeks monday night raw earthquake
2	but first today...taking all the brood to see rise of the planet of the apes. might sneak the dog in too...
2	what a great question to ask myself: "if today were the last day of my life, would i want to do what i am about to do today?" steve jobs
2	on august 29, ima play lil wayne, tie my hands,. ima play it 29 times, then ima download tha carter iv respect
2	increase windows 7 performance in 4 easy steps: ... complete with windows 7, you may find you're lacking some po...
2	gartner: windows 7 on 94 percent of new pcs: by steven mostyn - aug 10 2011, 07:48 google may one day seek to sh...
2	enough muslim countries lobbying in the us for today, i'm watching 'twilight saga: eclipse ' to better understand girls)))
2	"final destination 5" opens friday. if it does well, they'll film "fd6" and "fd7." so it's really more like "qualifying heat destination 5."
2	real madrid and i are takingittothehouse tonight! fifa11
2	rt blitzmegaplex: kung fu panda 2 (in 2d & 3d, both with indonesian subtitles) tentatively scheduled to open on tues 16 august ^isk fb
2	theladyjane this is very true. although they've taken the wednesday repeats off for big brother :-/
2	tiger woods' former caddie steve williams made about $140,000 for his work with adam scott today. tiger woods' new caddie made $5,800 golf
2	rt joshdorner: rt thinkprogress these golf balls with pelosi's face on them allegedly distributed at boehner fundraiser today. ...
2	htc announces two new smartphones - the radar and the titan: htc announced two new windows 7 smartphones today a...
2	[411music] dr. conrad murray to take the stand in michael jackson murder trial: jury selection begins this thursday...
2	rt dynamomagician: i saw kayvan novak tonight aka phonejacker aka the guy from the film four lions. 1st thing i said to him was "rubber ...
2	dbj tech watch for monday 8/8: news of facebook, google, microsoft, centurylink and more: welcome to the denver...
2	ashaladawn yeah, imma be in vegas from 18th-23rd so i just want a dinner in dallas with friends
2	nicki miinaj talks to robin roberts on good morning america: nicki minaj performed for the good morning america ...
2	rt mikeabarber: "we called boise state & tried to get them to schedule north carolina on monday night. they didn't do it" mickey matthe ...
2	might have to make that final destination 5 move on friday...
2	tonga will perform the first haka at eden park on friday; the all blacks can choose to do their haka simultaneously or once tonga finishes.
2	droid bionic confirmed for september 8th: while most of the united states had its eyes on the east cost last nig...
2	charlie sheen's "winning" ways get roasted on tv: los angeles (reuters) - he may have looked like he was "...
2	nokia n9 will not launch in the united states: nokia confirmed on tuesday that its flagship meego-powered n9 sma...
2	coming home tonight, i saw a "we support italy in the rugby world cup" in a hair salon in newmarket. ha! how come...
2	today's news: democrats offer republicans everything they asked for; republicans demand more. not hard to understand: r's want a shutdown.
2	asiikk:drt blitzmegaplex: kung fu panda 2 (in 2d & 3d, both with indonesian subtitles) tentatively scheduled to open on tues 16 august ^isk
2	saturday: picnic in park with mrlovis thrown around a moshpit at datsuns and london is burning. balance in all things
2	more like chris brown in feb. '09 rt kreayshawn: y'all treat me like elvis presley in the 50's.
2	rt vancan19: lokomotiv yaroslavl were on the plane that crashed in russia this.morning. pavol demitra was likely on that flight. canuc ...
2	rt mollysportstv: our football season preview shows start airing tonight on the mtn..half-hour, each program..the latest on boise state ...
2	the usa eagles take on canada tonight at 9pm est in a warm-up before the rugby world cup - if you have direct tv...
2	i want a windows 7 tablet for my birthday because....windows 8 beta may land the same month...maybe.
2	summerslam preview coming fri. only 4 announced matches even tho there will be 7 or 8. very odd. will make for brief preview!
2	rt realmadridfc_: real to sign neymar in december - report - bangkok post: real madrid has reached a deal with santos to sign gift... h ...
2	ritchie becomes father for the 3rd time: while madonna was busy promoting her upcoming movie w.e. in venic...
2	joefooty will tenaction broadcast spanish super cup real madrid vs barcelon on the 14th and 17th of august ?
2	democrats defeat republicans 8-2 in congressional baseball game tonight.
2	rt pwire: boehner proposes obama speech be on the same night as nfl opening night...
2	nokia n9, blackberry bold touch clear fcc: the nokia n9, as you may remember, showed a bizarre twist in the comp...
2	inappropriatefuneralsongs thriller by michael jackson. while the dancing may be great having to kill your zombie grandma wont be as great
2	i just found that barcelona and real madrid are playing on sunday... i need sleeping pills...
2	jahmi stephenemm for inbetweeners movie next wednesday, going for the 8pm showing at cineworld in town, everyone to book their own tix :)
2	zavvionline: deus ex: human revolution is the 3rd game in the series deusex
2	to compare, anderson silva also has won 8 bonuses and made $475,000. if lytle gets a bonus tonight, the $65k would be his 2nd biggest one.
2	"yungbrodee: cabana this friday...." you might find marissa and irene there being rachetts trying to get niggas with bottle service hoes
2	rt suzanne_moore: am going on womans hour tomorrow. whats more so is pj harvey.
2	it's all pj harvey and queens of the stone age today nowplaying
2	oh, oh, oh just realised it's 3 weddings in a row then pj harvey on sunday
2	final destination 5 is coming out soon. i never thought they'd make a 5th one! youcantcheatdeath
2	drove the bike today, about 40 miles. felt like jim carrey on me myself and irene!
2	mta agent to me: "this card has been damanged since yesterday morning." me: "but i used it last night." mta: "no you didn't."
2	i'm going to opeth at apolo in barcelona, spain - nov 22
2	pavol demitra with the blues: 5th in scoring all time with 493 points in 494 games, 2000 lady byng trophy, & 3 all star games in 8 seasons.
2	safe mode with networking - no internet: i am troubleshooting a bsod in windows 7 and may come back later with m...
2	rt johnintoronto: former nhl'er pavol demitra among the 44 dead in the russian plane crash earlier today.
2	rt hardcandymusic: revisit: madonna: 12th studio album rumor update - there are several rumors regarding the new madonna... ...
2	rt danishbelieber: lol, imma real madrid fan, i dont want barca to win :d. and i can see that barca is winning, crap haha. c'mon real f ...
2	today i learned that the new deus ex game is set in detroit:
2	rt lucirmas: time for musicmonday.. today's choice is pj harvey - in the dark places, for the album let england shake ...
2	yes! rt blitzmegaplex kung fu panda 2 (in 2d & 3d, both with indonesian subtitles) tentatively scheduled to open on tues 16 august ^isk
2	ice cube should come out with a last friday with everybody! mike epps kat williams smokey big worm kevin hart & everybody else...
2	today it's all about tablet pcs - here's a guide to the windows 7 operating system
2	why verizon's 4g limits may be the droid bionic's achilles heel - gotta be mobile verizon phone
2	tonight's wwe raw takes place from the hp pavilion in san jose, california. confirmed for tonight's summerslam...
2	latest: steelers, polamalu agree to four-year deal: the pittsburgh steelers agreed to terms saturday with troy p...
2	rt dereksnider: rt thescore former teammates of pavol demitra reflect on their fallen friend after the lokomotiv plane crash in russia ...
2	very quiet story-wise this morning. my only emails have been about my yammer activity & an alert about pj harvey tickets going on sale.
2	found high school musical on netflix...may or may not be watching it. wish you were here karencherine!
2	claviusrobinsky am just going to be hanging at my mom's for the week. ross arrives the 26th and we go straight to vegas.
2	i was dreaming about vampire diaries last night. galing.
2	nidge1uk yer off to take son for his first day at big school. then it's google analytics training for me. how was your night?
2	every tweet i see tomorrow about jersey shore, im tweeting 10 times about the nfl season opener.
2	rt jamiedupree: the mantra from republicans to democrats today is, 'if you don't like our plan, then where is your plan"
2	rob_scotland getting there slowly mate! have you seen there are riots in london tonight? i only just noticed myself and i am not even drunk
2	tepco un chief in japan as nuclear crisis simmers: un chief ban ki-moon arrived in japan on sunday, where he pl...
2	final reports: ravens vs. steelers: tomorrow at 1pm, the regular season begins for the steelers when they face o...
2	emlovesthesats she might be, most artists tend to get knocked off after the 1st week, unless they're gaga or beyonce or something haha x
2	boise state may make brandon boykin's day. /via wordpressdotcom uga dawgs boise georgia bulldogs
2	there's a bit of pj harvey going on today.
2	tempted to get a droid bionic today but rumors of the nexus/droid prime in november are keeping me from getting one.
2	rt deanofcomedy: heading out today with muslimsrcoming tour to tupelo, mississippi to visit birthplace of elvis presley!
2	at this point, motorola and verizon may just be allowing the droid bionic, one of the most hyped phones in rec...
2	sheen's 'winning' ways get roasted: charlie sheen took it on the chin saturday night at a comedy central tv roast...
2	so apparently lady gaga went to go see britney's femme fatale tour in atlantic city tonight!
2	four lions on c4 tonight everyone, i implore you to watch, or at least record!
2	rt cronaldoteam: according to marca, neymar will be moving to real madrid in december 2 days after the club world cup.
2	leonel angel coira signed with real madrid and will begin training september 6th, he is 7. i need to get pax some cleats.
2	woods sputters in third round at bridgestone: tiger woods slipped further down the leaderboard saturday after ca...
2	(droid-life) additional confirmation that the droid bionic will be here september 8
2	d_hiatus what you up to man? did you go see rise of the planet of the apes last night?
2	why the most lovely artists are not always understood? lady gaga, justin bieber, miley cyrus etc etc today they have to know that...
2	nokia n9 might just come to the uk, unofficially though: finnish mobile giant nokia may have made it clear that the uk, along with sw...
2	wantin to go out tonite....but no one to go out with so i guess i'll be on netflix tonite
2	update: 'rise of the planet of the apes' takes in nearly $20m on friday - christian post
2	rt cbsatlbreaking: jury selection begins today in the trial of conrad murray. he's the doctor charged w/ involun...
2	tdlautner34 so when we are goin to see u in twilight..........i now its nov......but the date..........
2	all across the us, with live feeds down, big brother fans are seeing the sun for the first time in months.
2	i've got one ticket to the michael jackson tribute gig for sale on oct 8th dm pinkysibbs for details,please rt!
2	monday morning mobile: the 24/7 consumer: when steve jobs made a surprise appearance to unveil the ipad2 earlier...
2	i wanna go see rise of the planet of the apes tonight!
2	if i said lady gaga is at britney spears' concert tonight.... would you hold it against me??? britneygaga clichehiamplug
2	rugbyworldcup five year old decided he needed to follow a 2nd team when abs not playing. which one? after alot of thought: tonga
2	four lions is on c4 at 9pm sunday if you haven't seen it
2	michael jackson's doctor, conrad murray is scheduled to go on trial on september 8th. can he receive a fair trial...
2	watching eclipse with katiee then vampire diaries for the rest of the night(:
2	be here tonight at 6pm to see the ufc middleweight championship fight between anderson silva and yushin okami for free!
2	rt quizderek: elvis presley's 34th death anniversary is on aug 16. 14 aug, today is the independence day of pakistan.
2	groovybruce do you think you could please more women in 1 night than charlie sheen?
2	rt gagainfo: for those who haven't heard, lady gaga has attended britney spears' femme fatale tour tonight! godgalovesgodney
2	come and check out ufc 134 this saturday night at wings u at 8pm! anderson silvia vs. yushin okami for the world middle weight championship!
2	schiavellovoice i am sure you know this but good night irene was a an old love song.
2	rt thebootgirls: come to "boot ride & rally with sons of anarchy & navy seal marcus luttrell" today from 3:30 pm to 6:30 pm. ride... ht ...
2	tokyo , seoul , london , new york kimama ni sekai wo drive tonight kakuchi de hirou suru new style :)
2	one of the main influences for gotk's 2nd album is michael jackson... no joke.
2	details of matches we're showing live for the rugby world cup coming later today.
2	rt tan_network: foreign minister surapong to file complaint against democrats with police on mon at 3pm
2	if he truly loves his party, boehner should be doing all he can to schedule obama's address on the same night as the gop debate.
2	rt if you think that john cena is going to win at summerslam this sunday
2	lagana johnashimself either of you la guys going to summerslam on sunday?
2	rt mj_dictionary: michaeling: (v) (a): talking or tweeting about michael jackson a lot. examples: "i was michaeling all day today."
2	psychosix-smoker beohner "got 98% of what he wanted." fact: dow down 634 today and boehner owns every point. p2 fok maddow teaparty
2	so if the premiership is called off on saturday who is for inbetweeners?
2	wrapping up this jersey shore commercial today. fist pumping all day
2	rt drofdarb23: damn. who becomes the 3rd back, ajayi? rt ids_broncobeat boise state rb malcolm johnson tore acl in practice yesterday.
2	rt mtarecordsuk: check out the brand new video for 16bit 'dinosaurs' released aug 29th on mta.
2	jennrunschi what the what? too out of it to google it now, will check in the morning, but sure, up 4 anything that isn't going back to sd.
2	the raiders game is tomorrow and i'm juiced. who is going or wants to go to the game?
2	singsnap | one night with you by jclabb in the style of elvis presley
2	i on sunday: ahead of inbetweeners film 10 other sitcoms which went on holiday to big screen + watercooler + hero of the week michael winner
2	so far today ive been asked who will win the rugby world cup and what the score would be between darlington/fleetwood
2	a night to just lay up & watch movies on netflix.
2	so who wants to watch the steelers game with me on sunday?
2	see what we just published at mma rants today: anderson silva made the most disturbing burger king comme adominguez
2	rt iamoshun "truth is like the sun. you can shut it out for a time, but it ain't goin' away.", elvis presley
2	someone comes to me and is like 'irene, what time did u got home yesterday? what time did you left here' plantation
2	samyoungman boehner sent a letter? jamiedupree tweeted yesterday about one from cantor.
2	season 3 of sons of anarchy needs to hurry the eff up already. come on august 30! addictedtonetflixinstant
2	so the dude on shameless last night is lucien from big brother
2	ha!rt amnewyork: after a weekend of subway mayhem, the mta expects service to return to normal for your morning commute
2	repaired elderly female's windows 7 based laptop today (pro bono) and in her living room was the largest 1080i cathode ray tube ever, 55".
2	droid bionic comes out the 8th? ohhhh hmm...
2	who goin to see kevin hart on the 8th ?
2	today: republicans might hate obama's health care law, but fighting the details is tough.
2	michael jackson doctor trial to begin jury selection thursday: jury selection in the manslaugher case against dr...
2	thoughts and prayers with pavol demitra's family today, and the entire hockey team who perished in a plane crash today.
2	might just watch the rest of jersey shore online n call it a night
2	woods down to 30th in world rankings: tiger woods has dropped another two places to 30th in the latest world rankings.
2	benjy1416 free. just ask you post a tweet or video about it. but i can't send anything for 2 weeks as i'm flying to japan tomorrow.
2	wwe monday night raw: live blog, results & coverage of the road to summerslam - bleacher report: bleacher ... live
2	rt jimcerny: rt jessespector: names you may know on lokomotiv's roster: pavol demitra, karlis skrastins, karel rachunek, ruslan salei, ...
2	timezones outside of canada seem to confuse me, but i'm cheering for tonga in tomorrow's rwc opener. at least, i think it's tomorrow.
2	boehner rejects 7th, invites obama on 8th, nfl opening night. so obama just has to speak wh on 7th to "save" football coverage? doitnow
2	stanscates i would use that in ads from now until october 31st 2012. republicans politics first country somewhere in the top 100.
2	desperately needing girl talk! cart wait for true blood tomorrow with chibivampi & marb_light
2	celebjuice fearnecotton hollywills leighfrancis celebrity juice on tonight!!! bangtidy
2	ddb los angeles announced today the launch of its new campaign for deus ex: human revolution, the highly anticipated third installmen...
2	little story. my dad asked me today, "who is silva fighting tonight?" and i replied "yushin okami." 5 minutes later my dad asks...
2	inbetweeners and ben and jerry's tonight i think !
2	china renews google's operating licence: china said wednesday it had renewed google's licence to operate in the ...
2	ha rt fauxjohnmadden: start of nfl preseason tonight marks the beginning of the raiders season, and the end of raiders postseason hopes.
2	rt zingbot_3000: all across the us, with live feeds down, big brother fans are seeing the sun for the first time in months.
2	isoledmysole imma check it out then wait till the carter iv drop on the 29th before i make a decision like that one lol
2	zavvionline the 1st deus ex game was only ported to the ps2 home console. deusex
2	anyone going to tomorrow night's nz vs tonga game? what colours will you be wearing?
2	its_kiidm4g1k bro u gotta see my videos today i was jukin the shit out the raiders
2	lloyd robertson set to end 41-year run as national news anchor tonight - news957: ctvnationalnews ctvcanadaam
2	so i just saw the commercial 4 michael jackson the immortal world tour by cirque du soleli is going to be here july 20 & 21 mynameisaramie
2	wwe please entertain me tonight, it's the final raw leading into summerslam! respeckkk
2	on my way to the airport with 50 min sleep all night...eyes burning like i'm on true blood..wtf
2	"raiders: the raiders are on the field for their tueday afternoon practice as they get ready to face arizona thursday night in oakland."
2	sept 19 rt missjpangelina: i'm hella mad they just showed a "sons of anarchy" commercial & (cont)
2	..."including former kings forward pavol demitra, former kings prospect jan marek and many other members of the nhl family."
2	oh god, just realised i'm chain-smoking in mother's party wig and pretending i'm pj harvey. gonna get disemboweled in the morning for stinky
2	tuesday is the 34th anniversary of the death of elvis presley? watercooler ? what is elvis' biggest selling single?
2	tomorrow night i'll be at the goldfish bar for the deus ex launch, anyone wanna come for free?
2	therealbhop i'm going to vegas tomorrow, but i'm guessing you're going to sleep in. i'm out at 7:50 a.m.
2	un chief heads to japan as nuclear crisis simmers: un chief ban ki-moon arrives in japan on sunday, where he pla...
2	tiger woods mistress charged with dui: you may remember jamie jungers as tiger wood's fourth mistress to come ou...
2	wales' rugby world cup squad will be named at 9:00pm tonight, melbourne time. we'll soon find out whether the...
2	rt gaga_indonesia: lady gaga attending the femme fatale - britney spears concert in new jersey tonight
2	some well known names "may" have been on the plane according to the toronto star ,,, pavol demitra, josef vacicek
2	the run time for final destination 5 is 1 hour and about 33 mins. it is premiering at the chinese theatre tonight.
2	four lions in on this sunday. have to record that. still not seen it yet.
2	real madrid sign a 7year old from argentina maybe the next messi!!
2	classy rt pwire: boehner proposes obama speech be on the same night as nfl opening night...
2	re doing a bio and watching the republicans debate while smashing some pineapple sherbet. not sure what to make of this evening lol
2	aaron rodgers jersey battery room, under the windmill. wagnoli - 4 august 2011 - blog - designer wedding dresses sale,
2	saudi is playin against nigeria now at the wc may the best team win jasminehglove ;)
2	espn stats from sco v ireland yesterday. haven't watched the game yet but the stats tell one story
2	jeopardy where everyone will be watching the ravens vs eagles game this thursday... what is playbookmd ? goodanswer
2	come novemember thru january dont open your mouth about nfl
2	one name illini fans will recognize on tonight's box score for new zealand is kirk penney, who played for wisconsin from 2000-03.
2	k0azzi88 yea gonna watch family guy for a bit and try one last time in about half hour, if not i'll wait til morning i think
2	sept 9-11th pcb florida 60$ a person due by aug 27th need 15 more people to fill the bus dm me
2	rtnbcnews a dramatic hearing today in the case of amanda knox, the american woman convicted of murder in italy. story:
2	rt adamschefter: ..........so far, wr titus young is the only one of the lions top three picks in april still standing. &lt;&lt;&lt; -______-
2	rt time: andy rooney will make his last "60 minutes" appearance sunday. here are his 10 grumpiest moments |
2	did i miss the charlie sheen roast on comedy central or is it sept 19th?
2	i stay up til 6:30 every morning just to watch between the lions.
2	just commented on thejournal_ie: amanda knox appeal enters final stages as it resumes today -
2	entourage then going to eagles training camp tomorrow with kevinmcanally and jimbolosoldier
2	rt downwithtyranny: after losing 2 last week, today the gop is trying to win 2 senate seats in wisconsin by recalling 2 democrats. it l ...
2	rt kerkymcfc: 1 more day of work tomorrow then it's bolton, first away of the season mcmcfmcfcok
2	amanda knox case: the obsession with what happened that night in italy
2	nfl lions news: lions rookie rb mikel leshoure went down with an apparent leg injury during practice this morning...
2	city's excellent peformance today (apart from defending) i realised what a tough season it will be for everton lordbelgareth petemeechan
2	rt gma: andy rooney, 92, will make his last regular appearance on 60minutes this sunday, cbs just announced.
2	chigozie agbim and chibuzor okonkwo left the shores of nigeria on sunday morning to team up with the super eagles ahead of tuesday's intern
2	mariners guti's catch at the wall in may against the yankees at safeco and trayvon's catch are the leaders in the clubhouse.
2	stewardsfolly i think he and sanchez should both be sat down. time to bring back the 4-man rotation.
2	yasminn_gunner thats what happens when you go to spurs. & btw to answer your prev q basically there was a shooting by the police last thurs
2	gilly_flaherty misscarter_x did dani get the results she wanted? good luck tonight v everton, c'mon the gooner girls
2	cheers lads everton is third today...oops i'm reading the league table upside down!
2	so do i go to watch rise & super 8 today and then cowboys tomorrow? or do i leave it and do all 3 tomorrow? but be bored today...
2	two dem incumbents face recall challenges tonight in wisconsin. davecatanese raises the curtain:
2	amanda knox case: the obsession with what happened that night in italy amandaknox
2	i wonder what really went down the night meredith was murdered in the amanda knox trial.
2	richwilkersonjr wish i could go to church tonight:( i really do have a reason!
2	welp let's see if tony romo can put me over the top today fantasyfootball
2	rt sherinet: state tv: requests 2 join israel gas deal trial to the one today under judge ahmed refaat. next we'll add amanda knox tria ...
2	abaosto no out of market broadcast tonight with the espn game on at the same time though,correct?
2	today, wisconsin's last two recall elections will be held. pmwenzel looks at the candidates in kenosha's race.
2	torre calls for more respect as player feuds cross line: on saturday morning, torre's ipad chimed with news of a...
2	what's going on tonight in detroit...
2	watch the free sneak peek of the latest season of family guy on itunes today
2	rt htgth: there is also a second mexico city, mexico show on october 19th. same venue as the show on the 18th, palacio de los deportes.
2	church tonight, who will you bring????
2	how do you live beyond 100 years? join us as we find out the secrets of longevity in bama, china. p1/2 today on our noble lineage vegan
2	lions taken back to den for repairs: if you follow the pride in bournemouth trail today, you might be left scrat...
2	church notes: a live internet chat entitled "is more money the answer?" will take place tuesday from 2 to 3 pm o...
2	perugia, italy (reuters) - american student amanda knox walked into a court room in perugia on friday for the fi...
2	wilshere didn't play for arsenal on saturday and most papers report he's 'doubtful' for newcastle. why would there be an england 'row' ?
2	alabama : trent richardson on cover of si: the junior running back is featured on the august 22 issue, alongsid...
2	cxclausen if you can wait until tomorrow, cowboys and aliens comes out.
2	got me a bama shirt like the 1 lil wayne had on last night at the concert biting lol idc though lol
2	turned on the news to see the riots in tottenham this morning. first thought was that spurs must have signed joey barton.
2	anamwholistic i hope that is sept 11 or you are merlin living backwards in time
2	good morning! listen at 7:20 to score lunch at aladdin's natural eatery in the trivia cafe...and at 8:20 for your tickets to darien lake!
2	rt vanrage: i wanna walk the brooklyn bridge one day, on a really nice night
2	who going to the lions game friday?
2	signing flat papers today and then skating with my new derby chickas tommorrow nervousmuch!
2	it's like painting the forth bridge - but won't be for much longer! see scotland on sunday today
2	rt floridadma: register now for the florida direct marketing association's nonprofit summit on august 18!
2	just ordered your amanda knox book rt ninaburleigh looks like judgment day is oct 3 or 4. amandaknox
2	awaiting update on mikel leshoure's injury. but so far, wr titus young is the only one of the lions top three picks in april still standi...
2	itastelikcandy whoaa , well during the breaks i bee in dallas , so i might visit you in november , december , march , & thee summer .
2	the fa will be bringing a new interactive road show to arsenal ladies ahead of the game against everton on thursday
2	..just finished watching the 4th season of dexter. relaxedtweet
2	according to reports, lions rookie rb mikel leshoure was carted off field today with a left leg injury. anyone surprised?!?!
2	let's see if i can wrap up season three of dexter tonight: only 1 more episode to go till the season finale. roll on series four please!
2	in greenville for the night, clemson tomorrow!
2	ipad news: romo will have to keep cowboys in the hunt - dallas morning news (subscription)
2	momma goes to bama tomorrow , but i am going over to mackenzie 's house later &lt;3 momyoubettagetmethatshirt (;
2	today in santa fe was the first time ii had seen someone use an ipad as a camera..it looked a little weird.
2	get out the vote in wi tomorrow! rt michellemalkin: wisconsin recall, part two: fleebaggers face the music
2	if i do get the pjob in bristol at espn all yall gotta come party with me before i leave. i would let yall know asap. and the night before
2	tony romo may want to check craigslist for hyperbaric chambers.
2	rt billiejoeluver5: rt if you mentioned green day today.
2	rt spin1038: jane lynch hosting the emmys this sunday.guest presenters: rob lowe, ashton kutcher, melissa mccarthy & lea michele emmys
2	rt nfl: free agent wr jerricho cotchery, formerly of jets, traveling to baltimore tonite to begin visit with ravens. visited pitt recently
2	how about one up here for hometown fans?? rt bjaofficial surprise green day show thursday august 11th,
2	carribugbee hard to believe, huh? rt stop: watched my 1st episode of mad men (the pilot) on an ipad. second episode up next.
2	rt famemensmag: i copped the new straightstuntin today last issue..... dayum!!! detroit models you know who to come to when u want to b ...
2	rt royphilpott: after observing clemson's linebackers earlier today, it's safe to say that position will undergo a drastic change in th ...
2	ryanruocco but let sanchez get through his 3rd season before we say if he's better then eli
2	da way aaron rodgers lookin greenbay may take it again
2	letmeryed o ok, well i'm not coming back to dallas tonight
2	rt jennyvrentas: revis bats down sanchez pass to holmes. 3rd pbu by 24 in 2days. holmes makes up 4 it with catch on cromartie on next p ...
2	[tigernet] wednesday football practice videos: videos from clemson's fifth practice of the preseason, ... clemson
2	comedy central going in tonight...
2	rt guelphfab5: guelph nuit blanche tonight: 1:30am. bookshelf cinema parking lot - cfru's silent dance party.
2	today's life lesson courtesy of alabama - if you're gonna play in texas, you gotta have a fiddle in the band.
2	mickrathbone what do you think is happening at everton then mick after today's speech by bill?
2	qb/rb threat blake sims may be just offensive weapon bama needs
2	jackson back in camp monday espn_colin you ready to see the eagles lift up that trophy!
2	wow sti is off today since it's singapore's independence day
2	revis bats down sanchez pass to holmes. 3rd pbu by 24 in 2days. holmes makes up 4 it with catch on cromartie on next play. nyj
2	i also had a dream last night that football season started and the ravens were playing the steelers and ray rice was running all over them
2	maryhlyon i'm going to auburn thursday now...
2	bolton society for blind people are bringing vegas to bolton with a charity dinner on 23 sep please rt xx bsbp
2	rt ap: cbs says commentator andy rooney will make his final weekly "60 minutes" appearance on this sunday's edition: ...
2	since tottenham's game against everton was postponed, they will start the season against man utd at old trafford on 22 august. xuanyi7
2	he smokes weed rt takef_light :o rt ravensbuzztap baltimore sun &gt;&gt; ravens agree to deal with ricky williams
2	currently scheming with wernickvt . tech vs. clemson in blacksburg october 1st? i think yes. oolegooo ! be prepared vtrel. it may happen
2	q: what is the weather like in italy in november? and is that a good time to travel there? italy weather ipad
2	ima fall asleep to some family guy tonight .
2	just realized it's nuit blanche the night before the run for the cure. i feel like i'm in a stare down. who's gonna win?
2	still going on vaca...: still going on vaca...(third column, 7th story, link)related stories:obama considers bec...
2	also happening tonight: nina burleigh on the trials of amanda knox. at the new york city bar association. details here:
2	rt discojr: all roads lead to santa fe tonight 1st saturday jamaican independence day... disco jr live on the 1s & 2s
2	today, life will be just like an episode of 60 minutes...but with a young, cheerful andy rooney.
2	got my ole miss season tickets today, question now is will they win any conference games. we are bama fans so more about seeing daughter.
2	do you like data? are you in bangalore? india? well come and chat with me and mayameme at matteo on church st tomorrow at 6pm. datameet
2	a_bautista26 wow really? i go to mexico every december to spend the holidays over there.(:
2	o yea btw imma be in clemson on thursday...i tryna get a early nigga knock going on
2	premium version of the ipad 2 may be in the works
2	tired! out for a meal in a bit, day off work tomorrow. then last day on friday! derby...:
2	rt adamschefter: awaiting update on mikel leshoure's injury. but so far, wr titus young is the only one of the lions top three picks in ...
2	rt nyjets: this afternoon's jets training camp practice will be closed to the public due to heavy storms heading toward florham park, nj
2	leaving now for the long drive to detroit, had about 3 hours of sleep after chicago last night, but wide awake! see some of you tonight!!!
2	word rt k_mapp: smh rt da_underdog: &lt;==== broncos fan for the night! i hope tony romo gets sacked at least 15 times. thatisall
2	accesswinnipeg thanks for the heads up on the sportchek 50% off jets promo. got some gear tonight.
2	sportsnation just ranked auburn as the 4th best team in sec with arkansas at 5. if au wins 3 league games, a surprise. espn_colin awful
2	going to mcalester today...bama bound early in the am! torn!
2	rt und_com: wsoc dispatched nebraska today & landed at 1 in a preseason poll - check out the action and interviews from today - ...
2	2 democrats in wisconsin state senate up for recall election next tuesday. hopefully the discouragement of waukesha doesn't prevail.
2	. to do tonight: see the help in theater amanda knox
2	simongreening morning simon, r u going to see cowboys and aliens preview on monday or tuesday at lpool one?
2	coverage of high quality stakes races from the curragh posted to my blog soon. good value bets on offer across the uk & ireland for sunday.
2	north house does nuit blanche - we're going to map a route, and get out for a night of city walking...
2	lawsonvfl timmyhbass today i told a bed-ridden old man wearing clemson pants that the rest of his team would be joining him soon
2	longline bras hurt to dance in, i can drive in wellies, a white haired man has never left the iom, merlin was a saucy old sorcerer. night.
2	internship website launched in nebraska: nebraska governor dave heineman today announced the launch of a new web...
2	rt richardkingson: went looting in spurs last night, broke into the white hart lane cabinet, so left with a pile of dust and a gareth b ...
2	divine frame & perfect_10_ presents the official south alabama football season kick off club insanity september 1st
2	iheardavoicesay is finally catching up to me with dexter. i'm only up to season 4, but he has almost finished season 2 today home, ill.
2	murphylee r yall going to be in dallas friday & saturday?
2	rt sportsworldokon: rt colinudoh: nigeria play england in the round of 16 on wednesday 10th, at 11pm nigeria time u20worldcup
2	here until 2pm today! then romo is off to skate with the saint lunachix vs st. chux derby chix at queeny park tonight!
2	see you tonight echelonfamily,time to drive back to milan!
2	vincefoss according to reporters on the scene at practice, lions rookie rb mikel leshoure was carted off field today with a left leg injury
2	wobler_ 3 months free espn given to anyone. got a letter through the post yesterday.
2	time to head to the beach at the river's edge. my wife is there, and the fish are there, and the eagles and frogs and sun are all there....
2	rt sandeepmakam: rally at gandhi statue, marina beach at 5 pm today. join the iacc & show your solidarity with anna hazare. pls rt & ma ...
2	rt bteacher99: qfe: and we must do it again tomorrow. by tonykatz: gandhi, the tea party and the future of america
2	purples and football at baby a's with my aunt and cousin. ready to see my jets play on monday ;)
2	abestwickespn knowing you are a red sox fan, who will win the rubber game tomorrow? go yankees! lol
2	winnipegjets bogosian ready to bring it on with jets - winnipeg sun
2	thiiissss mofo wants me to go to auburn's 1st day of practice, i'm going to be the only person booing!
2	was last night in tottenham part of spurs plan to get more money from the mayors office for the new stadium??
2	rt wdwnt: rumors say it is "tangled" and it may replace beauty and the beast at studios and aladdin at dca. just a rumor for now...
2	amen rt leonkilledparis may the universe guide tony romo's arms and eyes toward jason witten. and may jason (cont)
2	comedy central rt lord_sugar what channel is arsenal game on tonight
2	rt michael_r_grant: remember that janet devlin girl on tonight's x factor, the 'obviously in the final 12' one? she has a youtube chann ...
2	if you want to see an exciting finish to the 2005 ut at bama game, check out css right now. 4th quarter 3-3.
2	cowboys jets will be the first late night game on sunday on channel 4 (via j_hussain). will be an emotional occasion on 9/11 anniversary.
2	yahoonoise i have to go romo, all have is peyton who i got in the 10th round. i think i was drafting against elementary children.
2	rt breakingnews: andy rooney, 92, will make last appearance on cbs' '60 minutes' this sunday - tvnewser
2	aglines roundup: nebraskans may notice the "nebraska, our best to you" logos in more locations across the state ...
2	huntzinger struggles in the 5th, gives up first 2 bbs of outing, strands both runners w/ fly out by 9 hitter, sanchez. seadogs down 1-0
2	the wisconsin 14 fought for you, now it's time to fight for them! vote holperin & wirch this tuesday, august 16th! wiunion wirecall p2
2	lol cause we went to the zoo today & saw lions and tigers and all lat
2	rt johnny_shah: comedy central rt lord_sugar what channel is arsenal game on tonight
2	rt pink_funk: end of an era rt charlesmblow: rt gma: andy rooney, 92, will make his last regular appearance on 60minutes this sunday ...
2	rt jamisonhensley: rt jasonlacanfora: free agent wr jerricho cotchery, traveling to baltimore tonite to begin visit with ravens. visit ...
2	the jumpstart students walk the brooklyn bridge & end the night bieber style.
2	looks like sports teams owners r studying the congressional playbook. 1st the nfl, now the nba, lock out players/threatening the season.
2	cowboys vs chargers on the practice field today and tomorrow. play sunday night 7:00 pm central at cowboys stadium.
2	i wanted to see columbiana for my birthday but it comes out on the 26th *rolls eyes* guess ill go see it in clemson.
2	i hope melissa mccarthy gets an emmy tonight.
2	sunday's lovely gossip: fabregas to pay his way out of arsenal, the boy alex to arrive soon, crouch and rodwell ...
2	rt pinkelephantpun: tomorrow, people. rt michellemalkin: wisconsin recall, part two: fleebaggers face the music
2	merlinuward good evening merlin. how are you?
2	come celebrate india's independence day at new jersey's official india day parade on august 14th 2pm oak tree road in the iselin sectio ...
2	arsenal submitted a bid this evening for scott dann. look like the move to lfc i talked about may be about to turn complicated
2	tonight i dreamed of being in orleans with the bus lines of milan, and the ipercoop of piazza lodi instead of the carrefour of place d'arc.
2	tea time at the james p. nix center, thursday, august 18 ; 2 p.m. topic: birding in coastal alabama & the alabama...
2	listening to springsteen's nebraska album while driving through... well you can guess. willknoxmusic's wishes. playing lincoln tonight! 6pm
2	gulfcoasttider but he'll be on art bell tonight revealing the truth about the alabama leprechaun.
2	rt gabrielst: the only dirty bombs on sunday will be the ones launched by mark "dirty" sanchez and the jets as they pummel romo's homos ...
2	probably gonna spend the night watching that one episode of merlin that loaded and the whole of naruto shippuden season 7.
2	notre dame women's soccer open their season today with a friendly vs nebraska. live web stream at 12pm eastern
2	theboltonnews pls rt - bolton society for blind people are bringing vegas to bolton with a charity dinner on 23 sep
2	fantasy-wise, all i need is 4 td's from romo and 4 from holmes tonight
2	auburn just wrapped up saturday practice, interviews beginning shortly.
2	rt reoracer: leaving now for the long drive to detroit, had about 3 hours of sleep after chicago last night, but wide awake! see some o ...
2	recobeco the inbetweeners movie + cowboys and aliens are both out on mid-week release today. either of those luring you through our doors?
2	pip_girl welcome to my usual dreams! :s used to it by now. other night was merlin & arthur & a dragon that was actually from harry potter.
2	tonight is family night at the chick fil a on sparkleberry and clemson. get your face painted and a free kid's meal. 6-8pm
2	and finally.. billy_knott's dad says he will play 'with a point to prove' if he starts against nigeria in u20worldcup last 16 on wednesday
2	mhigginsjets what are the rules regarding cameras & bags jets stadium? i'll be the cincy game on the 21st.
2	don't know if it's been reported but several members of arsenal's u15 team had to be put in restraints after a late night brawl in sweden
2	olejp3 im sure it will replay on nfl network tomorrow too.
2	and on the very first play of the night, aaron rodgers is int'd by udfa cb brandian ross, who returns it for a pick-six touchdown.
2	rt art2u2: good morning! "today voters go to the polls in wisconsin's two final recalls" | reuters: p2 tcot wirecall
2	rt robertfreedland: so tomorrow morning, wherever you are, think of us here in wisconsin as we fight once again to restore democracy to ...
2	registration is now open! register for the professional event today (the brooklyn bridge walk is free) to grab...
2	one jump ahead on in the canteen: seriously need to watch aladdin tonight now!
2	news sail may tie up with nfl for rs 4,450-cr sindri plant: "nfl is the likely partner for sai... amitkarnani ak
2	rt newarkpanto: some of the madness and mayhem the cast of aladdin created when they flew into newark on monday!!
2	where have all the yankees fans gone today? you were all so talkative before yesterdays game.
2	get your tickets for the offical south alabama football jumpoff!! only $5 !!!! club insanity sept 1!!!
2	1074towerfm pls rt bolton society for blind people are bringing vegas to bolton with a charity dinner on 23 sep bsbp
2	church member told me mtg tomorrow 1st baptist is "byob". asked if he told them 2nd 'b' didn't mean 'brownbag' in our church. he laughed.
2	"jasonlacanfora: free agent wr jerricho cotchery, formerly of the jets, traveling to baltimore tonite to begin visit with ravens." whytho
2	working on scouting report for clemson vs. usf soccer exhibition on friday, always on the job
2	rt voodoodollzchwk: do you want to be a voodoo derby doll? after our "get down and derby" night on aug 26th at the social night club... ...
2	laurenscottyxo oh there is no school today because yesterday is my country independence day so its a day off today. haha hby?
2	more information on the new comme des garcons fragrance being launched at church next wednesday (17th of august):
2	wow. rt adamschefter wr titus young is the only one of the lions top three picks in april still standing.
2	football-gunners wld always go on about arsenal's white v black composition.today mufc fields 7 black players.difference is mufc pays better
2	nuit blanche is this weekend! plan your night with the personal itinerary planner: sbnuitblancheto snbto
2	(off topic) - there is only 3 episodes on the first disk of dexter. please hurry, netflix with the 2nd fitblog
2	another double play helps lafayette get out of sixth-inning trouble. going to the bottom of the 6th, lafayette 3, mexico 3.
2	rt arsenal: the fa will be bringing a new interactive road show to arsenal ladies ahead of the game against everton on thursday
2	im not watching them because the red sox vs yankees game is on tonight for who's in first.
2	cbs says andy rooney will make his final weekly "60 minutes" appearance on this sunday's edition: (via ap)
2	...off to milan...c ya on the 19th of august in novi sad with silicon soul and fakir!!!
2	wonder if the spurs shop got looted last night? doubtit
2	teenyecosse is there any improvement in the european weather. i need sun and heat. i have developed webbed feet here in scotland!
2	rt espn espn mlb cameron maybin starting to see the sun
2	lmao rt richardkingson: went looting in spurs last night, broke into the white hart lane cabinet so left with a pile of dust and a bale dvd
2	amanda knox wins another round in appeal: amanda knox won a skirmish today in the appeal of her murder convictio...
2	rt senorwinces: jumping off the brooklyn bridge with my hang glider on sunday. now taking bets on which state i land in.
2	btn football practice tour starts tomorrow. leg 1 - wisconsin, minnesota, iowa and nebraska. i'll keep you updated. stay in touch.
2	i'm ready to see the jets play monday.
2	lordhebe hours are 9:15 to 13:30 (gmt+1) for the public. as you're in turin, they may refer you to the milan embassy, and here's their....
2	nigeria may parade a weakened team against ghana on tuesday as most of the first players are yet to secure uk entry visas
2	former cruz azul player in the legendary 70s team and mexican international nacho flores gunned down last night outside mexico city.
2	hondo's bread on fred: hondo endured his customary saturday night wipeout last night, crashing with the yankees ...
2	today is national bratwurst day. also another recall election day in wisconsin. get out the brat! i mean vote! wi holiday vote
2	ideal weekend getaways: with raksha bandhan and independence day falling on saturday and monday this time, it ma...
2	rt imjusttez: cowboys ! rt adamschefter: nfl just declared terrelle pryor eligible for the supplemental that will take place monday, a ...
2	7 of the top 10 search engine referrals for tve today are mike & molly related, thanks to melissa mccarthy's win at the emmys!
2	derrick mason at the slot though? i can just hear it now... sanchez to mason...1st down..another 3rd down conversion! all year... jets
2	cowboys tonight to see eli young band ;)
2	i will be out of town and will miss this but you should go! nuit blanche dc event sept 24 artallnightdc
2	in hastings, nebraska, it's illegal to have sex without wearing a night shirt.
2	missdcdarling we've got leonardo da vinci: painter at the court of milan coming up in november, how does that sound?
2	limeflowertea ikr? came across it randomly while doing my pr clipping report this morning. the email contact is merlin merlinmedia...
2	watched aladdin on vhs last night, talk about high definition stoneage
2	i caught adam jones home run tonight, check me on espn top plays at midnight! one handed w/ a soft pretzel in my hand on my iphone
2	ynm - did you see tonight's top ten best play on espn?
2	rt mckennaewen: i had a chance to show off the star tribune's new ipad app (launching mon) on tptalmanac.take a look!
2	this is the binder dexter picked out for 1st grade!
2	matthewberrytmr ryan grant or felix jones in the 5th round!!!! hurry!!! i already have tony romo and dez so idk about fjtheres also steve j
2	rt cfcmedialab: tonight - we test one of our nuit blanche projects! nuit blanche is coming up! what are we doing you ask? ...
2	shhhhhh secret party! tonight! meet at the brooklyn bridge
2	rt wfaasports: tonight on sports special: joe trahan goes 1-on-1 with tony romo, footage from cowboys scrimmage - and tcu trying to bui ...
2	cowboys starters could play into the second quarter against san diego chargers on sunday night:
2	today's 1st&10 debates! did ne just win the super bowl getting haynesworth? odds nnamdi signs w/ jets!? can reggie bush help dolphins?
2	everyone drink tony romo says he had a no-alcohol bachelor party: by tom weir, usa today details o... who will last
2	the emmy's seem mostly a bore, but the women (including amy poelher and melissa mccarthy) brought their a game tonight.
2	monday's best of the web -floyd mayweather flips out, sheen roast, melissa mccarthy wins an emmy | dve morning show
2	end of an era rt charlesmblow: rt gma: andy rooney, 92, will make his last regular appearance on 60minutes this sunday cbs just announced
2	saw x-men: first class last night. still gotta see captain america, transformers, cowboys & aliens and rise of the planet of the apes whew
2	rt corkbuzz1: rt ummera: west cork pig derby tonight in timoleague! declared non-runners! corkbuzz
2	blog: jets, giants have extensive radio networks - so it's a sunday afternoon, and your wife is adamant about draggi...
2	no andy rooney on tonight's 60minutes?! can someone make sure that he's still alive?
2	sdotbell son i saw a house last night was 1.9 mil behind hella trees that looked like the palace from aladdin no bullshit lol
2	just rode across the brooklyn bridge on a bike. what are you doing with your saturday?
2	- elastixworld first sponsors - mexico city november 3rd and 4th, see you all there fb
2	jumping off the brooklyn bridge with my hang glider on sunday. find a bookie, now taking bets on which state i land in
2	did i just here that tony romo played hide and seek at his bachelor party? c'mon son! dallascowboys hop
2	rt robstaton: from now on our commentaries will be fm one game... am & dab the other. so tonight everton vs sufc is on fm, blackburn v ...
2	he is obsessed with star wars right now, as a treat i am letting him watch family guy tonight heavenforgiveme
2	rt yankeesnark: i find it ironic that i almost certainly would not be a yankees fan today if i hadn't gone to college near boston rand ...
2	trying to go out tonight!!! where is there to go out here in dallas????
2	callmatterface i want to talk about how desperate luca modric is to leave spurs he ransacked tottenham last night.
2	eagles lead by 27 points going into 4th qtr (iffy 50metre penalty to help tigers). tigers still with a sniff. afleaglestigers
2	who's going to be cool and be at church tonight 6:30?
2	rt vbg111: it is 5=30 a.m. in the morning at new york. expect developments in next 4 hours. mrs gandhi must have just woken up.
2	while watching family guy on fox, just saw a nfl on fox promo for the bucs v chiefs game for friday... jacked
2	auburn spent their entire practice today inside the new indoor facility.
2	my dad reckons if this was in nigeria the president would have issued a shoot on sight order since saturday!
2	state tv: requests 2 join israel gas deal trial to the one today under judge ahmed refaat. next we'll add amanda knox trial to refaat's!
2	lordvash he'll get it when raw is live in mexico city in oct. he's apparently been havin tantrums that wwe keep "snubbing" him. moron.
2	rt aaronhillegass: i'll be at the birmingham nscoder night tomorrow (that's alabama, not the uk)
2	rt cc_ntertainment: devonrw come party with us & young dro next sunday august 7th black lion atl 253 auburn ave. free vodka shot menti ...
2	bahdvibez rt please vote for arsenal gaming im 1st on every wii ladder and want to hold it
2	more players have joined ghana's camp ahead of the friendly game against nigeria on tuesday.
2	paddy mcguinness on this morning, continuing to show the old stereotype that broadcasters from bolton have to shout all the time.
2	theslashdragon i may need merlin's help - secretly, of course, but i do not know that i have the power to complete the spell myself.
2	escape the rain: today's lunchtime talk out_of_the_blue. a short history of ski-in in scotland, 12.45
2	buc's dirty up sanchez. what do g-men do with 5th spot? nfl player agent ryan tollner set to join at 8pm...on knbr till 10pm
2	cowboys' tony romo still searching for career moment via usa today &gt;same things were said about dirk title cures all
2	tonight - we test one of our nuit blanche projects! nuit blanche is coming up! what are we doing you ask?
2	new issue of forbes (aug 26) has my essay on a personal encounter with gandhi & apartheid in s africa. not yet online, but take a look.
2	astitchintime charliemoontm we have the new laptop for skyping! we fly to ireland wednesday morning, perhaps we can skype before then?
2	robbiesavage8 what did you think of derby tonight sav?
2	i'm going to the ravens game in philly this thursday getnthefucoutofhere
2	rt djlogansama: after hours tonight - jammin, dimples, durrty skanx, harry shotta, byron & romo audio download: big!
2	nfl rumors: tennessee titans must make strong bid for jerricho cotchery: last thursday the new york jets let go ...
2	germany refusing to bail out italy: source: polizeros.com --- saturday, august 06, 2011zero hedge it just went f...
2	rt officialneya: comedy central on point tonight.
2	view from the brooklyn bridge at night
2	sistersncloth yes, the dallas event did. remind me to send you a link tomorrow. it was on 10:00 news too. our ft worth event had none tho.
2	rt jim_alexander: for those just tuning in, chargers have linked those two games as pkg. to see aaron rodgers nov 6, you gotta buy tix ...
2	interestingly, "too big to fail" was also the title of the pep talk that was given to melissa mccarthy this morning.
2	two-time champion jonathonlittle is down big early, but still has romo and dez tonight, as well as two rbs to go.
2	wisconsin: remember to vote tomorrow! consider it practice for recalling walker. practice makes perfect. wiunion wirecall p2
2	thehorvat i know it wasn't a typo the curse on romo is coming sun he going 2 suffer a sports hernia followed by receiving crabs from dez
2	earliest possible date for amanda knox appeal verdict: sept 29, per court schedule just released. final arguments begin sept 23
2	si_peterking ok mr king see me about the bills (or the eagles for that matter) come the first weekend in february. bills eagles nfl
2	i have a feeling there's going to be quite abit of transfer activity spurs tomorrow
2	unhedmc is hosting joe bermudez friday night in the wildcat den! free for students! listen to launchpad tonight, 8pm.
2	paddy_malone louis saha could become the 8th player 2 score 4 6 different pl teams this weekend.can u name the 7 who've dne it?
2	ole boy who preached sunday looked like david ruffin from the temptations
2	i'm going to cowboy junkies at barbican centre in london, united kingdom - jan 25
2	adm turner, okinawa: i may be crazy but it looks like the japanese have quit the war. nimitz: delete all after "crazy." wwii
2	productiveouts if you find someone on d-1 please share. i may try to do some with wichita st. and their opponents this season.
2	mort zuckerman, wsjdon't be fooled by the headline unemployment number of 8.1% announced on friday. the reason the number dropped to 8.1%...
2	marvel's phase two kicks off with 'iron man 3' trailer on october 23rd: briefly: if halloween isn't enough to l...
2	my roommate going to eastern tomorrow.
2	update on the release of the beatles - love me do 50th anniversary 7" vinyl, the record will now be released on the 22nd of october
2	2 divison iii offense in the nation vs. the best team we've played this saturday
2	cliff avril on whether he would have been healthy to play on sunday (lions on bye): "i would have played."
2	when all is said and done, fluke will still need a job. dws are you watching? never mind you are out of office nov 6. tcot
2	guess who paid for an nba league pass &amp; guess who's watching his team lose for the 2nd night in a row... fml!
2	front line with kamran shahid - 22 may 2012
2	tom segal was in flying form at chester yesterday. buy the racing post to see what his friday pricewise picks are.
2	animal planet star tia torres of pit bulls &amp; parolees to attend for the love of dogs festival in smyrna, ga nov 3rd
2	it's going down this thursday club signature 2001 lumpkin rd suite 3dollathursdays $3 w/ college id! everyone else $5 18+ w/ id!!! colga
2	fca tomorrow 7:20 am in the team room, be there.
2	gregg williams will attend st. louis rams game sunday, espn reports: jonathan vilma points out the interesting t...
2	italy: former pm silvio berlusconi was indicted tuesday with new criminal charges - breaking news buzz
2	sardesairajdeep 1st step towards diluting the issue? did you ask the same q when it came to gadkari? malviyamit
2	tonight csa will announce a new sponsor. today the kai cricket board played their kfc mini-cricket festival and they continue tomorrow in el
2	wildcat rosters, including the 8th grade girls roster, have been updated again at
2	jencattle did you know i love your face? because i do. ps. craigsiedschlag i named my rubber ducky capt. sparkle-pants the 3rd. wtf
2	wildcat workout october 31st in the old gym at 7pm!! fvsu rt14x
2	jordan: activists call for november 1 sit-in near palestinian diplomatic mission in amman to condemn the oslo agreements
2	went to see the psychedelic sun ra arkestra last night at the barbican centre. trippin
2	aj went to bed at 8:30 or 9:00 tonight. kid was tired. there was no stopping it. hubby and i sat and watched the stuff we usually watch...
2	mersey side derby tomorrow, who do you think will come out on top? behindthegoal
2	2 days till jack white at alley pally then i find out the ruskies need me to work on saturday. what's is it like to have a personal life?
2	i just became the mayor of sun cellular - sm sta. mesa on foursquare!
2	have a feeling shotton will play rb tomorrow, just for the long throw.
2	ufo sighting: black triangle sighting in perryton, texas on october 20th 2012 - black object that obscured the s...
2	this sunday the leos are taken over jett lounge lionking
2	atl it's leo season! this sunday turnup jett lounge! free entry 4 everybody all night!!! rsvpfirstclass
2	grupoedebe will be attending bett_show with advanced solutions in education. london, jan 30th - feb 2nd 2013
2	queens of the stone age &amp; dave grohl sat on the stool - regular john from glastonbury during the song for the deaf tour
2	misterhsk did you know that david miliband was a yum junglist? catch yumjungle streetfeastldn this friday night.
2	all my passengers i aplogize for the tardiness of the 2nd half of the dual single "magic" but it's dropping soon...staytunned!!!!!!!!!!
2	mt keitholbermann: my apologies: my bronchitis prevents it, and countdown tonight. bill carter & davidshuster replace, respectively
2	it's going down this thursday club signature 2001 lumpkin rd suite 3dollathursdays $3 w/ college id! everyone else $5 18+ w/ id!!!!!
2	slamsonite28 honda classic tomorrow, calling it now, tiger and rory coming down to the wire
2	g8m steve emerson on sun explains the riots and real motives tcot teaparty
2	ta: lg spectrum ice cream sandwich will start rolling out tomorrow: starting tomorrow owners of the lg... android
2	6 - louis saha is going to play for his 6th premier league club, only marcus bent, andy cole &amp; wayne routledge have played for more. travel.
2	the sports arena office.. (:"adrianagee anyone know where i can buy arolladora tickets? for pico rivera? on the 14th?? wss sold out:("
2	recent conditions have allowed 226 euclid to hold open tryouts for the iditarod. registration is tomorrow at noon.
2	ladbrokes any odds on louis saha to score the winner in the derby on sunday? louissaha08 backtohauntthescum bagger
2	"cii_meexposedx2: the pregame 'state of the union' vuu vs vcu .. tomorrow night at mansion !"
2	red cross: syria is now in civil war: the international committee of the red cross said on sunday it now conside...
2	rip to capt. walbridge of hmsbounty. fair winds and following seas wherever you may be
2	she may have failed the drug test for metenolone but no trace of rohypnol or ghb were found in her sample
2	eagle bancorp completes sale of $10 million of common stock: nov 1 &amp;;- eagle bancorp inc. (nasdaq:egbn), the par...
2	are you reaaaady??? donsantillan 26km run tomorrow: belair to sm sta. rosa via greenfield city. gotta sleep now. boom
2	help us get to 250 followers by the start of mvc playoffs this sunday! gocreighton bluejaylife whitebluereview cubluecrew
2	bravolacy david taylor? a few yrs ago, whn he 1st came 2 stl, he went by apostle. my hubs used 2 play for his services.
2	don't miss these upcoming spc events: on november 15th - a post-election breakdown with mark and mark,...
2	on the 7 hour journey from uni to st.james park - my real home. come on newcastle!! my 1st european night at sjp nufc brugge
2	vb: ue drops to 5-10 on the season after a sweep at wichita state tonight: 3-0 (25-16, 25-16, 25-17). aces play at missouri state tomorrow.
2	outdoor movie night tomorrow!! come see lorax while you eat hot dogs, and munch on popcorn and other treats. food at 6pm, movie at dusk
2	no footy as wednesday ....you know thursday is spurs day ( white hart lane stadium)
2	you've got to hand it to tom segal for big saturday handicaps on the flat.
2	southsideasylum no back to watching jim henson's fattest character pitch the 8th brettbeakermyers
2	is taco tuesday, see you at el rodeo de pico rivera this friday .
2	fastball, wild seeds set to take the stage for grulkefest: a celebration of brent at acl live via culturemapatx
2	weekend pressure at tpc sawgrass? look no further than harris english - 12 shot swing in a day - goes from 67 fri to 79 sat
2	timeout mtvb as arkansas state has come back to take a 20-19 lead in the 4th set. red wolves lead match 2-1
2	opm will be performing live in the southside at rex theatre on the 8th of june. holla at any opm rep. or myself for tickets.
2	girls night out-friday night-november 2nd. fairfax police gym -jazzercise. 6-8pm. revercomb dr. fairfax, va. potluck following the dance!
2	hf cumbedance for pay what you wish week! oct 29- nov 4
2	new blog post : marvel's phase two kicks off with 'iron man 3' trailer on october 23rd
2	how much does mittromney want to win va? enough for 2 more rallies here on monday, last day of campaigning, in lynchburg &amp; fairfax.
2	plans for the weekend: movies, watch tennessee dominate saturday ( i hope ) and go to church solid
2	marijuana march is trending... idk bout you but the last thing i wanna do when i'm high is walk lazy
2	harris english hit a dude in the top of the head on his 1st tee shot of the day!! wow
2	i don't doubt the 2nd coming will be in jerusalem and missouri, but when is it due?
2	nbc writer danieljmartin_ has lorenzo brown as 4th best pg in the nation. ryan harrow comes in at no. 19:
2	cewitt94 i'll see :\ i have to go to timmonsville tomorrow afternoon and brandon's gonna be with me, so i'm not sure.
2	maniaci on casimir pulaski day (march 1, 04): "some people call it a holiday." judge: "i call it a holiday."courtroom laughsdrewpeterson
2	last day of istep tomorrow. tg overit
2	tv3nz what happened to breakout kings? thought it may of come back after the block. have you guys just cut it completely from programming?
2	scottiepippen who will get the tough buckets in the 4th quarter for, the bulls?
2	who wants to be on kandi's kandi factory?? kandifactory you may see me and my new music on the new series
2	sony's playstation network store will receive an overhaul next wednesday, october 17, in the pal territories and october 23 in north...
2	headed to the honda classic in florida ( airport fast park - red lot)
2	you're going to breath the same air as song joongki tomorrow cheonsa_jia grrrr
2	christmas or the feast of dedication? passover or easter? memorial day or purim? july 4th or feast of pentecost?
2	playing with fluke tomorrow night in the sailors return. weymouth. live gig.
2	sema kicks off in las vegas tomorrow. our friends over at built up this wildcat for the gbc...
2	today is the first day of work for the southern indiana blitz build in henryville. as you may remember, last...
2	front line with kamran shahid latest - 25 june 2012:
2	linkedin events: a celebration for the performing arts in television film theatre &amp; fashion november 24th 2012 room 43 1039 e 43rd st.
2	is martin atkinson being brought out on wednesday to 'even it up'
2	gonzaga women win cal poly invitational - wed, 31 oct 2012 pst: gonzaga placed four golfers in the top 10 on...
2	up next we'll be joined by sunderland striker louis saha as we continue to build up to safc v lfc at the stadium of light tomorrow evening
2	hi guys, girls working tonight :- passion, alice, harley, sky, stacey, adriana, may, paige and willow. see you soon x
2	i've never sat through an episode of "gossip girl" which does not inhibit me from calling it "jim henson's bret easton ellis babies"
2	esiafrica wescoal signs three year supply agreement with eskom: 10 september 2012 - junior coal mining group we...
2	it is official the nasdaq market will be open in wednesday
2	'clockwinder-who wouldn't say no'. launch at the commons on tuesday. the biog of the late david taylor is the untold story of a virtuous mp.
2	5. di java jazz tahun berapa alex dan beno berjumpa for the 1st time? divortrivia
2	core 6 athletes 2012 winter banquet december 5th 6:30pm. top prospects and college coaches from the b1g, sec, big 12, mac and mvc. compete
2	listening to poetic justice for the 1st time dontjudgeme
2	bill carter of new york times called. they are working on story about our renewal for tomorrow's paper. charlie skinner is doin' the talking
2	avb reveals latest plans for january: andre villas-boas says he has sent scouts around the world to see if the t...
2	neon theme! first round monday night at the volleyball game in west liberty! wakawaka
2	just delivered a speech on iebc preparedness for the march election at icj conference at mombasa continental
2	crimes against women: khaps, women panel meeting on oct 28: it would be for the first time that haryana khap panchayats and national ...
2	strikeforce results: in an instant mma classic, miesha tate &amp; julie kedzie went to war. tate pulled out the w with sub at (3:28) of the 3rd
2	- joseph prince (fb):when your problems were in your hands, the weight and the burden may have crushe...when you...
2	now: "there's only one roger johnson" to winter wonderland. but now a wed corner...which ends with mattock rifling high into the south bank.
2	i'm thinking about making august "baby month" at life's a celebration. with tips and ideas for those expectant and new mums out there.
2	tuesday is cleaning day at shop! and you all thought us indys were all snorting caviar off roman abramovich and that mythbusting
2	choirs off next friday or the one after that... tryna get a handful of people to go out somewhere for dinner... anyone interested??
2	red cross: syria conflict is now a civil war: the international committee of the red cross said on sunday it now considers the confli...
2	gbu pm ready for reply on coal blocks: congress: new delhi, aug 22 (ians) with the bharatiya janata party (bjp)...
2	ea e3 news you may have missed: simcity confirmed for feb 2013 &amp; simcity social for facebook; crysis 3 feb 2013 release &lt;c&gt;
2	confirmed: ice cream sandwich finally coming to the droid bionic tomorrow, october 19th omgdroid
2	open source misconceptions fading: it web: south africa may be up to five years behind the rest of the wo... linux
2	ndtvprofit 1st is how reduce clout of reliance in the govt's pricing of lpg and other fuels.
2	numerous treatment innovations presented at the hands on workshop on venous disease, tomorrow until nov 3 in cyprus
2	now that i think about it, the rams looked like gregg williams was their dc last sunday. i know how much the nfl like williams.
2	i went to the marijuana march, but i do not remember what happened there.
2	henryville residents still waiting for help from the march tornados....more 6:30 on 90.1fm.
2	phsamsungmobile my 4th of july song is 'ito ang gusto ko' by francis m. (best for independence day here in the ph) galaxyplaytrackoftheday
2	alternative news: black triangle sighting in tucson, arizona on october 20th 2012 - red circle with triangle cut...
2	aaronk_mn y4lyfe wcc coaches: gonzaga 1st place, by a lot. byu 2nd, barely. st. mary's 3rd, just behind byu.
2	zarifmiah i may have spent 5 minutes watching the poo traverse my sewers as my simcity flushed its loos...
2	haggins flipped by hoya linebacker, but he gets the 1st down! 1st and goal at the 5!
2	i'm just going to wrap myself in the jamaican flag for america day tomorrow
2	psn tuesday: assassin's creed 3, okami hd: you can buy all the assassin's creed you can handle on psn today. both...
2	brand new updated logo, edited by david taylor the new executive producer of roc-tv. first introduction video will be up tomorrow!
2	tolonews tolonews 08 october 2012: top news in this bulletin: the international committee of the ... afghanistan
2	official_rfu "danny care card. to stand a chance of winning, tell us which football club he was at as a youngster" = sheffield wednesday
2	ivanovic reaches kremlin quarters: ana ivanovic advanced to the quarter-finals of the kremlin cup on thursday by...
2	david ruffin trending... i'm guessing the temptations movie is on tv? they're actually the reason i got into music in 5th grade :].
2	akumakata kenot. same night. am doing java jazz for sure. can always catch the foos some other time. the jazz greats? not likely.
2	a red carpet for radicals at the white house by steve emerson and john rossomando ipt news october 21, 2012 a...
2	fantasygaffer got a suggestion for a gk tomorrow that doesn't cost over 5.6 ?!!. i want to replace krul.
2	late friday meet was just to clear air, says bjp a day later: sources said the rumour about gadkari quitting might have started... news
2	diana: a celebration ends june 10th at the mallofamerica; make sure to see the collection before it leaves!
2	clocking that marshal in the head with his opening tee shot clearly rattled harris english. took him 2 holes to drop from 4th to t26.
2	red band end of watch trailer arrives: gyllenhaal and pena vs. the world back in early may, the green band theat...
2	erin_hanson if it makes you feel any better cbc national is doing a feature on the kinder morgan pipeline wednesday night. defendourcoast
2	we are in search for trade sales manager in muscat, oman. if interested you may apply
2	sexslaves at irving plaza nyc july 21. chexk out the poster:
2	express front line with kamran shahid "international day of women" 05 march 2012 pakistan mqm womenpk
2	world music festival rocks city saturday: maria muldaur headlines the day-long event, which bring french g... jazz
2	marvel's phase two kicks off with 'iron man 3' trailer on october 23rd featured hype movienews
2	creighton vb wins, 15-8 in the 5th set. jays now 9-1 (1-0 in mvc) and have huge match vs. wichita state at 6 pm tomorrow.
2	huge business trip for the team. match in philly tomorrow at 7 against drexel
2	shaq morris narrowed his list to wichita state and oral roberts. he said he will likely make a final decision monday. shockers mvc
2	during nap time i will: watch the end of hart of dixie, set up activity corner for tomorrow, &amp; study more genetics stuff. hotdiggitydog
2	edsall gotta play the gregg williams tapes in the locker room before the game tomorrow.
2	tampa bay buccaneers vs oakland raiders odds: find out why each team will cover the spread on sunday.
2	i may have just splurged on this: 'firefly: a celebration (anniversary edition)' by joss whedon... dontjudgeme
2	new shepard fairey print: "oh susannah" will be released october 18th via obeygiantstore . check it out!
2	"rbkd: this just in: rui en joins elvin ng &amp; co. in clif2, scheduled to air 18 feb 12. surprise?"
2	nba league pass till the 6th
2	logansport school board members got a preview of the district's istep scores monday night:
2	brief-kinder morgan shares off 3 percent after the bell: new york, oct 11 (reuters) - kinder morgan inc : * sha...
2	my july 18 buy recommendation for hf with a tp of kes20
2	why sit at home monday night when you can come to young life?! tomorrow 7:27! westsalemyounglife
2	ward 2 may have two members on the dc state board of education
2	daisia__vu wellllll friday imma be with aj. sat imma be with my girls to shop, get nails done &amp;&amp; eyebrows. you coming?
2	guy sat opposite me on the train is the spit of dave grohl
2	dubaisaturday will be collegefever nov 3rd. free be4 12 with college id
2	spenceh95 phew, i'm still on edge after the wenger out stuff! you going to sjp tomorrow?
2	look for monday's edition of the record for full package of stories, photos and more about friday's plane crash
2	per nc state: lorenzo brown will have exploratory surgery on his right knee tuesday to pinpoint the source of the discomfort in his knee.
2	more nba tomorrow.. free nba league pass till the 6th.. what did i do to deserve this (rozay voice)
2	ze:a's dong jun and b2st's dongwoon have been cast for the role of frank in musical "catch me if you can" which will be their musical debut.
2	striker louis saha signs a one-year deal at sunderland and could make his debut at arsenal on saturday.
2	wildcat workout october 31st in the old gym at 7pm!! fvsu rrtt
2	igor sechin: rosneft's kremlin hard man comes out of the shadows | business |
2	idc im still gettin payback...a week it is..startin tomorrow
2	em_fost 3rd floor isat on the roof you'll see it when you walk up the stairs its on the right
2	theshannonburke after immandaschmidt's call i foresee the jackals lining up for studio visits on thursday's.
2	yesterday i asked maria where the candy was and sshes like ill get it tomorrow when all the candy is on sale ghetto candy
2	prolly go too the vcu game next friday.
2	me: ma? ma: yes, love bug. me: wyd? ma: grilling with shanney and april. me: at 10:30? -___- at night. in memphis.while i'm in knoxville..
2	world music festival rocks city saturday: the next day, she hit alameda to poster the in the days leading up to ...
2	nine goa congress legislators want to join us: bjp: panaji, oct 31 (ians) goa's ruling bharatiya janata party (b...
2	intro to fast pitch pitching lessons at spc. we have a spot available in our wednesday class from 5-6 pm the cost...
2	caodiane or do you want to wait for tomorrow so vanessa can hang too?
2	tennessee game saturday with king_gunter :)
2	question time comes from london tomorrow night wth jerry springer and david miliband amongst those on the panel:
2	bbcquestiontime from this performance it is obvious why david miliband comes up 1st when you google miliband! onetowatch
2	espadrilla i'll be going to putrajaya n serdang on 21st of november. for 12 days.
2	who's going the homecoming game friday ? brookwood vs central ^_^
2	panasonic eluga getting ice cream sandwich update: panasonic may have all but pulled out of the european smartp...
2	bonecrusher57 yeah i'm like, 20 minutes from west liberty. text me the name of the stadium tomorrow. i'll put it in my gps.
2	steve emerson on sun explains the riots and real motives
2	battlefield 3, open lobby, 'rats clan' xbox live server, sunday 9:30pm gmt. ...bring the rain.
2	"frenchmontana: dmv i will be performing live dc star this saturday w/ big and the band shout to sunshine + bennyt"
2	don't forget tomorrow's girls night w/tia &amp; tamera 9e/6p, girlfriend confidential:l.a. 10e/p &amp; chelsea lately with kristin chenoweth 11e/8p
2	before he was "dr. seuss" theodor seuss geisel was an ad guy: what was your 1st job? myfirstjob
2	irving plaza nyc blackout saturday night. got limited spots left on the guest list. tweet me why you think you deserve them
2	despite rumors that sandy will close down ummorris, kremlin, &amp; houses of parliment, it appears we'll still have classes tomorrow. sigh.
2	tottenham v wigan: match preview:: tottenham and wigan are set to meet at white hart lane this saturday as the ...
2	maddow ole miss band is fired up for rousing verion of dixie next tuesday night-wanna sing it rachel?
2	sfj making a spotify list of albums you mention in your frank_ocean piece. cherry moon stk or sign 'o the times prince's 7th album?
2	kathy walsh has kentucky derby winning jockey mario gutierrez in the irons on thursday october 11th when duke...
2	dannychoo when douglas adams wrote restaurant at the end of the universe, he may have had japan in mind. hhgttg
2	there's still time to get your tickets to the indie designer fashion show this saturday confirmed guest erica mena of love &amp; hip hop, maino,
2	this saturday it's time for some classics in cherry moon. remember tracks like g-mode, sacred grounds,... ? me...
2	phinsider week 8 picks: thursday night football continues tonight with the tampa bay buccaneers facing the minne...
2	spc places parts of central &amp; eastern nc in the "slight risk" category for strong to severe storms with possible damaging winds on thursday.
2	my 1st pd tchr a newbie, let me see if i can skip the iss room &amp; go straight to class
2	henryville vs. charlestown volleyball game tuesday!! who's going?! athenryville gonnahaveadj cancernight
2	dongwoo had a stash of bubblewrap in his bedroom &amp; stopped gyu from throwing it out coz he 'wasn't done popping it yet'? lmao! new 2nd bias!
2	apparently some dude called shepard fairey has a show on 2night? drop by blackall studio 1st if you missed the imaginaryfriends show launch
2	nitin gadkari cans himachal poll campaign: sources close to gadkari said late monday night that the cancellation...
2	nasdaq follows new york stock exchange by announcing it will reopen tomorrow after superstorm sandy kept them closed for two days
2	timmonsville with a 26 yd throw. 1st down on the 1 yard line. trying to even the score chevyendzone
2	"champions league is in mourinho's blood": paulo sousa thinks jose mourinho may consider his time at real madrid a failure if he does...
2	we are in search for card section manager in muscat, oman. if interested you may apply
2	please join lpg and good start genetics for a legal town hall cocktail reception monday 7 pm at the marriott marquis mission hills room.
2	tampa bay buccaneers: game-by-game predictions for 2nd half of the season - bleacher report
2	maniaci on casimir pulaski day (march 1, 2004): "some people call it a holiday." judge: "i call it a holiday." drewpeterson
2	found the limited edition of midnight sun. but since b2st's oppars are going to work on a new album. i'm not going to buy the 5th mini album
2	dtn bangladesh: bpl issues to be decided nov 1: bangladesh cricket board will take a final decision on the bangl...
2	from satellite images, it appears that muscat may get some thundershowers tonight
2	job report to be released on friday by the kremlin, aka, bureau of labor statistics. get your conspiracy theories ready!!!
2	danny care and james haskell recalled to the england side for the third test against south africa on saturday,
2	sir_roozy ur bank? think maria may have something to say about that lol
2	leo or virgo?! club pulse is the move this thursday! leos &amp; virgos are free before 12! also co-hosted by evalesco! evalesco will be there!
2	coming to dc: open acting workshop with tom todoroff on nov 14th constantcontact
2	msjconnolly chasing madoff.. but the beginning credit sequence says it has an art director and the music implies batman may show up.
2	istrategies ~ playstation network maintenance monday - if you're looking to play psn games this upcoming monday, you...
2	taken 2 comes out friday and the afghans will have it saturday guaranteed
2	megan_gunderson tomorrow is casimir pulaski day, and we have school. im asking mr.otool why tomorrow! wanna join me?
2	new poster for our liveandswingin gig at st david's hall in april with ruthie henshall and johnowenjones
2	brad keselowski is your winner! jeff gordon finishes 2nd with mark martin, jimmie johnson and carl edwards rounding out the top 5.
2	coming up in the 4pm (eastern) hour, another chance for you to win tickets to tomorrow night's hudson family...
2	i'm waiting for the entire troy football team to pile out of the new music building tomorrow night and pillage the streets of knoxville.
2	kristin chenoweth arrives at the 2nd annual hero dog awards
2	may 14th the riot starts. rt sternshow check out bill carter's piece in the nytimes : "prime-time stern" howardstern
2	updated packinspain blog with some stat totals, like lorenzo brown and c.j. leslie with double-doubles:
2	directions for tomorrow's festival: world music festival runs from 1pm - 8pm on richmond riverside, just north of richmond bridge.
2	"all humans are entrepreneurs" - reid hoffman in "the startup of you"
2	late friday meet was just to clear air, says bjp a day later: sources said the rumour about gadkari quitt... india
2	"i don't know of a rule that could stop qld playing david taylor" - the nrl to us on if qld can play taylor tomorrow in origin3 nrl
2	anyone going yo watch the lakers vs heat game in miami february?
2	team foster call will be on tonight thursday november 1st, from 9pm-10pm eastern 712-432-0900 new access code 833433.
2	i'm going to stephen kellogg and the sixers at rex theatre in pittsburgh, pa - oct 30
2	how is vh1 gonna play friday after next and i still havn't watched the first one yet?
2	dir. gen. alan hoffmann and chairman of the board of governors jim tisch have brought tlvbog to a close. see you in february in jerusalem!
2	vaio910 iloverichie413 kokainekilla stallion_frame wait it's thursday, tryna have a smokeout?
2	rioferdy5 harold and the purple crayon, although it may be for slightly younger. and anything by dr. seuss is always quality.
2	i'm talkn all black party on the 14th then vip all nite saturday at sky.... family n friends will be in da building ....we gon shut sky down
2	4 tasty hoops matchups tonight 1. san diego state new mexico 2. marshall west virginia 3. st. joe xavier 4. wichita st uni
2	world music festival rocks city saturday: maria muldaur headlines the day-long event, which bring french gypsy j...
2	don't miss the free sunset blues concert tonight from 5-7:00pm with march fourth marching band in mountain...
2	so this is how it's gonna be ncaa south 3rd round winners uk, iowa st, wichita st, ind, unlv, baylor, xavier (upset) duke
2	time for thursday night football as the tampa bay buccaneers take on the minnesota vikings. nfl
2	i'm going to level 42 at sentrum scene in oslo, norway - nov 2
2	kinder morgan, chevron, &amp; shell: natural gas m&amp;a of the day: chevron corporation (nyse:cvx) places 2nd, only toe...
2	friday after next just came on vh1 i'm boutta be chilling.!
2	in 1992 pope john paul ii proclaimed the catholic church wrongly condemned galileo for asserting the earth revolves the sun - 359 years late
2	getting ready to board ei 105 to nyc to open pinter, a celebration with julian sands drctd by john malkovich irishrep on tuesday
2	knicks vs celtics oct. 20 at the times union.... bethere
2	randiigreene austin_ormond boom. take that austin. randi are you wearing your pink shirt tomorrow or dressing for america day?
2	west liberty goes for it on 4th &amp; goal with seconds remaining in the half. isaiah moody runs 2 yards in. fsu leads 19-13 at the half.
2	remember to all my basketball people here nba league pass has a free trial from now to the 8th of november
2	a little tid bit of info about a local band, beitthemeans, who will be playing here nov 23 with capt. stabb tuggo...
2	breaglee nba league pass is free till the 6th
2	plant city driver charged with dui in fatal crash - oct 30 8:48 pm et
2	had to cut the mohawk off gotta look grown for tomorrow night at club pulse
2	from tomorrow 5 days eid holidays in muscat. plans afoot to see a little of the interior with friends. eid mubarak!
2	2 games left in the division: vs wsh at fedex on a monday night, at home vs. phi last game of the season
2	anybody kno how much the basketball tickets are for the vuu vs. vcu game tomorrow?
2	historic canoe journey to protect the salish sea and stand against kinder morgan's pipeline expansion project sept 1st
2	the pack rides during the 7th stage of the 70th edition of the paris-nice cycling race run between s
2	hip-hop rumors: is maino headed to reality tv?: brooklyn rapper maino may be the latest rapper to be making the ...
2	black triangle sighting in oranjestad, on october 11th 2012 - black triangle ufo with resemblance of a stealth ...
2	tomcruise prototype quadrotor with machine gun! visit fps russia a 5th mission impossible film?(:
2	so, open lobby on monday. starting at 6pm est and ends whenever we get bored. i'll tweet it a few more times before monday.
2	ho_two_ts wow that's a 1st cuz if that's the case i woulda been on some wilt chamberlain stuff with how my pops &amp; granddad was
2	am i the only one that wants it to flood in hf tomorrow?
2	xxrighteouss__ i should be in hammond saturday night, or friday night you got my line right
2	it will be some scene at the nyse and nasdaq sites tomorrow morning when trading resumes. the story: how people get to both places.
2	durham woman hopes to qualify for the iditarod |
2	remember to rsvp for our free writer's workshop next thursday with rosanne bane. rosanne is a creativity coach &amp;...
2	tottenham hotspur boss andre villas-boas has played down speculation that he is already lining up a january bid for...
2	safc have brought on former nufc striker louis saha. the frenchman is 6/1 to score the 2nd goal of this game. the draw is a 9/4 chance!
2	covering global marijuana march for torontoist. night and day from 420, fewer juggalos, more serious advocates.
2	sejesong sunday sessions imbizo busy corner ( midrand ivory park ext 2 next to eskom ) is the place to be 12:00 pm till late
2	putrajaya says determined to recover nfc funds: kuala lumpur, oct 29 - putrajaya said today it i... via tm_insider
2	as all my subscribers may know in young and now i'm doing youtubablehd trolling so watch my tweets for news about open lobby
2	rissahope12 you went to henryville up til like 4th grade right??
2	50 lakhs to 1600 crores. gives some sense of how maino became the 4th richest politician in the world!
2	mmaweekly radio tuesday: miesha tate, ryan madigan and the best debate in mma debate front_page miesha_tate
2	[news] stuck-up sunday: shepard fairey - andre the giant uncut sticker sheet - obeygiant stuckuppieceof
2	preparing for some jack white action tomorrow night by listening to the his setlist from dublin.
2	this thurs. college night at xclusive first 50 ppl with college id $2 after that $5 make it your move to be there
2	upcoming saturday cherry moon: the start of a whole new season of the harder styles: first contact !! with...
2	alright nicky fwd: from: 4028890972 sent: nov 1 10:28pm message: idc what he says.
2	master liam's bday party! masterliam this saturday on the dr susan block show! join us live in studio by rsvp here:
2	obama spends hour on phone with netanyahu during benghazi assault priorities
2	emmylou harris &amp; danlanois singing "the maker" to close the entire 'wrecking ball' performance in nashville on wed.
2	bbcqt i would vote for david miliband if there was an election tomorrow and he was the labour leader - move over ed! dmiliband
2	scrap my last tweet! at 5:22 on the 24th for australian directioners it will be two years for the boys
2	oh yea, we heard bout y'all senior skip day friday... we ain't report it cause y'all ain't play nobody but brookwood.
2	this friday, the new film "occupy unmasked" opens; a guided tour of the ows movement hosted by andrew breitbart....
2	ready to see the lakers tomorrow
2	tight race in the fans choice player of the week w/ wesleyan and brookwood players. last chance to vote:
2	alot of free throw conditioning drill for the lakers tomorrow at practice
2	teamfollowback beirut (reuters) - the international committee of the red cross said on thursday it... ff kaijzer
2	friday night live! we are going to a maulers game! meet at mvc at 6:30, bring $5 + fastfood $ + funds to buy caseyface some chocolate pie...
2	mentiondateiwillneverforget.. the saturday of the strawberry festival, which i think was 6/17/12
2	attention everybody if you know anyone in troy that is looking to take over a lease.i will be willing to pay half r all of 1st months rent.
2	"3 by" on the roof at sjp... face off clinic back on for 12 pm - 1 pm at cabrini this sunday
2	food fact of the day: sept 9, 1890 harland sanders was born near henryville, indiana. founder of kentucky fried chicken restaurant chain.
2	wmua wed 11 am on "java jazz" with ken irwin, tune in for a chat with umass jazz dept. head jeff holmes about his new cd, "of one's own."
2	pics of the march fourth marching band at the oregon country fair closing out the show sunday night. their...
2	one space has just become available on my photography for parents workshop on sat 24 nov in cobham...more details here:
2	the international committee of the red cross said on sunday it now considers the conflict in syria a civil war, meaning international...
2	france: friday was last day to exchange the obsolete franc for euro, banque de france said - breaking news buzz
2	rosegeorgiax number, address, cat's name and a date this thursday. no fucking about! just call me tomb raider....
2	premier league team of the week: walcott makes seventh appearance this season while sagna also features
2	tiger woods draws crowd of fans on practice day at honda classic: hold on, bobby, tuesday was a school day. why ...
2	jose mourinho: "...so i think tomorrow the match will not be far from those characteristics" 2/2 halamadrid
2	what tomato and onion had done to bjp in delhi, lpg may do the same to cong in the forthcoming elections...
2	its done! my brother just got married...we turnin up at jett lounge tonight and at grannys house tomorrow
2	live at d-tronics 20th anniversary with locations valley wide mcallen,edinburg,harlingen,brownsville they have...
2	dicanio72 check out the one for silent house at the london tombs tomorrow night too!
2	kbcchannel1: independent electoral and boundaries commission (iebc) says all is set for monday's by-elections in the three constituencies.
2	join team pml(n) representative to support pmln vs pti kids at front line with kamran shahid recording tomorrow...
2	fourteen environmental protesters arrested at eskom on tuesday have been released on bail, after the group...
2	alan_tonge still remember all your 1st names, bar shotton. had a huge utd squad poster on my bedroom wall. you lot were in the front row.
2	england to play haryana in the third warm-up game in ahmedabad that starts nov 8 ahead of the first test on nov 15 cricket indveng
2	buses arrive in henryville. first day back in original building since march 2 tornados destroyed school
2	venkymarg wait what? i'm already confused :p if you're gonna be in muscat in may, we'll probably meet up then!
2	tryna make sure everything go as planned saturday. . .
2	the sun are today reporting that chelsea owner roman abramovich has given the green light for roberto di matteo...
2	i am in line to meet e l james! guess i should start on fiftyshades for the 4th time! getglue fiftyshadesofgrey
2	also on west liberty ... it does not play a regular-season game in february.
2	bpl issues to be decided nov 1: bangladesh cricket board will take a final decision on the bangladesh premier le...
2	trustmeimsamin alyssatbh rich bitch, come to the game on saturday, iguana will be there c:
2	4 minutes into 2nd quarter and mid-prairie in the red zone of west liberty ready to strike again. iahsfb kcrgfnl
2	song joongki, park bo young at the premiere the grand heist / gone with the wind on the 25th.
2	view of my schedule for the rest of the week?? today: work than class, wed: halloween at work, thurs: work young life, friday: work than....
2	come hang out with me saturday at kremlin!!
2	wondering what to do tomorrow in the rain? come on down to lil' iguana's children's safety foundation for their...
2	operating g3kmi this evening from the university maths tower on hf bands. 6:15-pm - 8pm bst. 10th floor, room 10037. ham hamradio
2	jcrclarksonesq why have hammond and may been verified but not you? wtf
2	solispaola12 hey can you plz help try to get to justin biebers concert on december 3rd in la !
2	may fall asleep on the couch watching ou and eastern naptime
2	fxknchris lol i'm in laguna hills, but ima be in l.a &amp; hollywood all day today &amp; tomorrow .
2	volleyball: plant city clinched a regional spot, defeating hillsborough tonight 3-0 in the 7a district 8 tournament. finals are thursday.
2	i was in the 5th grade taking istep tests when 9/11 happened, doesn't seem like its been that long ago
2	us: sen john mccain called monday for us to begin another war with airstrikes on syria - breaking news buzz
2	for those interested, mark martin will make his 850th career nscs start this weekend (ranked 5th on all-time list). nascar
2	i was at the vatican when pedrocalungsod was beatified by pope john paul ii last march 5, 2000 &amp; now after 12 years he is now canonized
2	anchorage, ak: the ceremonial start of the iditarod every march
2	premier league team of the week: march 5: gmf takes a look at the team of the weeken... ...via
2	get paid way later today, probably going to go see sky fall on the 9th or man with the iron fists idk which one 2 choose?
2	markbritball bbl to take over cheshirejets franchise in short-term. game with mersey this sunday to go ahead h...
2	july 29th 1995 was the time that that young savage had arrived
2	woodysgamertag when are you going to do another mail monday with fps russia?
2	world book day was mon and no one gave me a book. no one even gave me back any of the books they've borrowed hinthint
2	so in the 1st book of the e l james trilogy, anastasia is played by cielamara &amp; christian is christian bale (obviously). it is what it is.
2	thefpshow fps russia penis reservations, he's already doing 5 chicks today maybe we can fit you in tomorrow ?
2	geetiga no, he may just be gadkari's driver.
2	t19ht_h34d that's true but until its all decided that's who cbus_matt is going with. danny care would be 2nd choice right now.
2	does anyone want to come with me to see ted nugent speak at freedom hall tomorrow. it's free
2	ladies it's time for y'all to bring out them tight freak um dresses at club pulse tomorrow 1118 n 4th street free til 11
2	feel the warmth in the sky at first sight i felt the energy of sun rayysss
2	sunday with sufjan stevens - casimir pulaski day live at manchester apollo 19/05/11: via youtube
2	yardbarker: announcing the november 17 smashville express to knoxville
2	what are the fafsa and a pell grant? | begin college: what are the fafsa and a pell grant? october 26, 2012 cate...
2	not hard to figure out the value in this offer...mathnasium is offering a free "mathing" workshop on sunday from...
2	mizzou links, 9-5-12: holy smokes, it's wednesday already? i haven't even posted bill carter's sela photo... ncaaf
2	i'm watching thursday night football between the tampa bay buccaneers and the minnesota jared allen
2	watching joseph prince. getting fed. u may think it but u don't have to say it. speak gods words. pastor faith word
2	tampa bay buccaneers: game-by-game predictions for 2nd half of the season - bleacher report buccaneers
2	november 21 yung nation going to be in monroe at the club its high school night
2	beyond obama's hope: the work of shepard fairey
2	we saw the birth place of jesus and walked the pathway of the palm sunday entry of jesus into jerusalem.tc
2	kaka committed to real madrid: he may have been on the periphery of the real madrid squad since jose mourinho took...
2	local sports: special to the news-sun: plant city - the highlands youth football and cheer organization (hyfc) t...
2	reminder july 22nd 3pm i will be hosting an open lobby on the livestream
2	breakfast, training then of to london to prepare for the game against spurs tomorrow
2	kinder morgan to divest assets to close el paso deal - kinder morgan energy partners lp (nyse: kmp) said monday it h...
2	marvi_memon1 was the employee of general musharraf....sheikh rashid in kamran shahid's front line on april 17
2	come check out the smp allstars scenecity this friday, 150 pine st ne atlanta 30308. saturday reggae party jett lounge 3701 clairmont atl
2	tryna get wavy after work tomorrow it's been a while
2	hoya, sungyeol and sungjong with bae yong jun. look..sungyeol's hand!
2	the isba is hosting a professional lunch tomorrow with attorneys from romannucci blandin, ccsao, &amp; ungaretti harris. check the record!
2	mattmonihan mittromney may have run the olympics and balanced massachusetts' books but i learned all i know about economics from simcity
2	ufo sighting: black triangle sighting in oranjestad, on october 11th 2012 - black triangle ufo with resemblance...
2	david miliband in the ft today: germany may have more in common with britain or poland than with euro members such as italy or even france.
2	norqway in banff opens tomorrow mother nature rules in the canadian rockies
2	queens of the stone age's regular john from glastonbury during the song for the deaf tour &amp; dave grohl sat on the stool
2	when i was a kid, pope john paul ii was crowned or whatever they call it. i remember wondering whatever happened to pope john paul the 1st..
2	lpg consumers can now fill up kyc form till nov 15: the government has extended by 15 days the deadline for fill...
2	vanilla bean ice cream sandwich with chocolate ganache - chandler may
2	taking a trip to wichita state tomorrow w/ my little brother. any alumni/wichitans with recos? sarcasmnotwelcome
2	august 13th photooftheday is animal. let me explain this one. every year before the iditarod, we have a "r
2	arsenal v sunderland: new signing louis saha set to lead the line in absence of stephane sessegnon: sun... arsenal
2	gm sat slide down big bangs jayz will be in the building
2	mcgeecraig come see theiqonsband, tijuana_bibles, stone_fox_chase, and david taylor at pivopivo with me next saturday
2	andre villas-boas has played down speculation that he is already lining up a january bid for brazilian willian. -jla
2	attending the world music festival? bring in your ticket and receive a wrap and drink for only $5! fri, sept 21; mon, sept 24-thurs, sept 27
2	show tomorrow night at club pulse with projections, above the broken + a bunch more. only $5 at 5:00 pm. if...
2	edshow if you think romney is throwing the sink, you should've seen selma in august. the incumbent had republican backing...
2	*chandigarh is the capital of the two states of panjab and haryana. *march 23 -world meteorological day. *march 21- world forestry day.
2	via all_bangla_news bpl issues to be decided nov 1: bangladesh cricket board will take a final decision on the ...
2	raiders vs buccaneers game coverage: the raiders take on the tampa bay buccaneers this sunday in oakland and the...
2	tryna get in the bed witha..and put my 3rd leg inna
2	nikcamelia cian an..huhuhu.... mybe tomorrow going to putrajaya..
2	just found my iditarod powerpoint on a disc from like 7th grade...........
2	got a pandomonthly ticket to hear a fireside chat w/ reid hoffman thursday in sf. i'll report on it or hopefully a buddy can fill in for me.
2	"manutd720: saf: "obviously, we'll make changes for wednesday. the squad that played against nufc will be in place again." officialpandor
2	check out the box art for tomb raider: what do we think? the new tomb raider is out march 5...
2	kinder morgan foundation grants of $1000-$5000 for education are due the 10th of each month.
2	joes will be off road on monday and tuesday due to the impending storm. stay safe and hope to see you wednesday at drexel!
2	matt_bearden i have snuck into the sunday night vip party at acl.. got to meet dave grohl and party open bar style
2	this friday the food &amp; film series presents the jim henson cult classic labyrinth at the miners foundry cultural...
2	in an odd sort of clearance sale, the kremlin announced on monday that it is putting up a draft horse and a pony ...
2	you know you're in sf when, on a thurs night at 6pm, there are people lined up around the block to see reid hoffman.
2	today is the anniversary of f.scott fitzgerald's birth (116 yrs), dr. seuss's death (21) &amp; the 1st pub. of the hobbit (75) via brainpicker
2	sitting on my luggage and smelling jerusalem ,click like if you hope to visit israel soon . december tour...
2	black triangle sighting in perryton, texas on october 20th 2012 - black object that obscured the sky and stars: ...
2	wordtomymuva i'm going to that lakers vs heat game feb 10th in miami iamnotpetty
2	animal planet has a show that just shows puppies...guess i know how i'm spending my saturday's for the next 20 years or so.
2	chipscoggins mr. scoggins, will you be down in knoxville next saturday? if so, you should stop by and say hi.
2	lg spectrum ice cream sandwich will start rolling out tomorrow: starting tomorrow owners of the lg spectr... apps
2	did you know unlv and ucla are playing saturday? so are texas and gonzaga. secret scrimmages part deux from goodmancbs
2	fca tomorrow! what does a butterfly, a circus and you have in common?
2	kalo messi??rt rmadridinfo: pic: jose mourinho with sun mingming (chinese basket ball player &amp; one of the ...
2	abbiedude i get the number 11 on a wednesday and the st david's school bus on a thursday because it drops off at air bus xx
2	.marvel's phase two kicks off with 'iron man 3' trailer on october 23rd via firstshowing
2	premier league team of the week: van persie makes cut for 10th time this season as szczesny, ashley young & jonn...
2	this saturday, cherry moon will burst with some raw beatzzz from the masters. you like it raw???
2	apparently there is an office for the feast of blessed pope john paul ii which is on monday; win catholic prayer
2	3dt begins this thursday at the "s.e.c" signatureeventcenter 2001 south lumpkin rd $3 w/ college id $5 w/ regular id til 11pm!!! iparty
2	timmonsville residents live with guns behind locked doors --
2	rugby: danny care will start the final test against south africa on saturday in a much-changed england team....
2	seanmichaels7 you think aj is a 1st rd pick in the league?
2	forbes the nyse, nasdaq and the other us stock markets all made a wise decision to take rain days on monday and...
2	anderson cooper and kristin chenoweth on his coming out: anderson live premiered monday, with kristi... gay, lgbt
2	sat's kids' club is a halloween special! labyrinth (pg) with spooky treasure hunt+ activities from 10:30am. directed by jim henson
2	opening night warriors vs. suns: second half game thread: 0:00 remaining in the 2nd 1 2 3 4 total golden st...
2	may as well sign up scott dann and roger johnson whilst your at it.
2	two guest list tickets to give away for joan armatrading's show at st david's on thursday keep it locked to find out more!
2	some had been saying he'd peaked, even back in paris-nice in march when the leaves hadn't come out on the trees. he's serving hat sauce now.
2	mieshatate mieshasarmy just saw rhonda rousey will be at ufc event in seattle december 8. you should have the rematch here, near home!
2	asoggycarrot yeah the big bangs are like, the second rarest l9s anyway, so i'll get them, they'll be here on like, fri if i order them 2day
2	drexel cancels classes. drexel medicine clinic hours are canceled all day monday &amp; on tuesday until at least 12pm due to weather
2	tsmithnd with the 28th pick...the packers select some fat punter out of wichita st.
2	australian directioners! does anyone know what time the mtt premire is tomorrow? xx
2	tomorrow may be my last day in tennessee
2	let's end my friday madness set with some vintage francis m. coldsummernights
2	"grace means you give something they may not deserve, but you give it to them anyway." - joseph prince
2	everybody needa fw janellesofcpke nov 3rd. doors open 8. ppl w/polo &amp; leggings $5 before 9 djshowtime757 on the spins, maino on the mic!
2	yes, it is us: " black triangle sighting in plainfield, illinois on january 4th 2000 - large triangle ... " aliens
2	real madrid coach jose mourinho faces further selection dilemmas ahead of sunday's la liga trip to real mallorca, with sami khedira, ...
2	premier league team of the week: van persie makes cut for 10th time this season as szczesny, ashley yo... football
2	whorseplayer horseracing4beg breederscup you do remember he was 3rd in the kentucky derby behind illhaveanother &amp; bodemeister right?
2	it may finally be the lakers vs heat nba finals matchup due to the harden trade.
2	and apparently it's also national bieber day (young justin's 18th birthday) as well as st david's day and worldbookday
2	our business club's networking dinner with eskom's cfo paul o'flaherty is on 29 october. book with lisa 0118704263
2	this new shirt, with a quote from dr. seuss, reminds us that weird we may be, but love is just as weird!
2	premier league team of the week: van persie makes cut for 10th time this season as szczesny, a... football soccer
2	i added a video to a youtube playlist francis m. - history of the disease - march 7, 20
2	vashon is already abuzz with the news that 2013 strawberry festival is the 3rd week of july. calanders are being marked, plans being made.
2	act at hf tomorrow. but i need a calculator with programs. who got one i can borrow!?
2	regus 3rd place site opening throughout europe. check out the new uk locations at beaconsfield and cobham.
2	lpg consumers can now fill up kyc form till nov 15: the government has extended by 15 days the deadline for filling...
2	fb: warriors fans can pick up the 3rd quarter of esu's 35-28 win vs west chester (oct 6) right now on root sports (directv 659, dish 428)
2	kandi: what should tomorrow night's kandikoatednight topic be???? -- how i'm going to get on kandi factory!
2	each january, a new fafsa is available for the upcoming school year, and completing it is free when you go to the...
2	mark martin qualifies 3rd at charlotte. giddy about racing still says "when i stop racing i will still compete"
2	anfieldfm hi there. counting down the days until im back in uk and going to see lfc - nufc on sunday from my season ticket seat in the kop!
2	laguna hills phone fox tuesday comedy sizzle: catch the premieres of new girl, ben and kate an... telephone systems
2	ncst extend their biggest lead of the game with a lorenzo brown trey. up 11 pt, 47-36, mid 2nd half!
2	1st i thought he was david ruffin impersonator. then i thought he was a backup singer for miguel. sn: your c
2	joseph prince - none of us, all of christ! - 14 oct 2012: via youtube how much of god's grace do you need?
2	got plans tonight? join us at aj's on poyntz for thursday night live! jessica furney will be playing 7-9 pm
2	geoff shackelford: honda classic ratings up 78%: michael hiestand with the
2	this saturday green velvet back at cherry moon! together with deg, frank zolex, youri parker &amp; dj ghost! be part...
2	archerdevil two completely different days. world book day is for kids march 1 2012. this day is world book night - for adults...
2	vanessa and denies are coming shopping with me on black friday.!
2	that's it for the week. i'll talk again later after i my mb and cs class. in other news simcity is a passalong and venus goes over the sun.
2	pgpackersnews shield kids event october 5th 58 bar n grill in pico rivera come n help support the fundraiser 4 abused and abandon children
2	spread the word! the workshop is dayton, oh is not cancelled! i will be in ohio tomorrow &amp; i'll be at the party saturday night!
2	busy preparing for izzy's mini masterclasses in the studio tomorrow. decadent chocolate ganache torte to welcome our attendees. good idea?
2	simcity delayed, now erecting on march 5: if you were thrilled by the recent lenghty demonstration of simcity or...
2	im_joegrizzly bro get that fafsa done tomorrow, last day.
2	euro parliament may freeze contacts with duma until russia holds free and fair elections - breaking news buzz
2	the total number of distressed properties for sale declined for the 4th straight week to 282 in fairfax, loudoun, and arlington
2	wildcat workout october 31st in the old gym at 7pm!! fvsu rrrrrrtttttt
2	oficial10oscar will you get your driver to stop outside cobham tomorrow so i can have a picture with you?chatoscar
2	yes, it is us: " black triangle sighting in pompano beach, florida on october 28th 2012 - basically it... " aliens
2	_addrriiaannnaa yea , i just been in iss i'll be back tomorrow
2	getting ready to head to pico rivera to meet up with my halloween stylist tutus18. trying to get a look together by tomorrow night!
2	track meet tomorrow south florence, timmonsville, and the worlds finnest west florence tracknation
2	planned maintenance for the playstation network scheduled for monday, october 15th from 4am to 4pm pacific time 7am to 7pm easternreminder
2	tobias31 tomorrow night if u in milwaukee stop thru club pulse and check us out... across the street from the bradley center
2	siu up 2 sets to 0 at drake (25-16, 27-25), looking to keep sole possession of 4th place in mvc. just underway in the 3rd set
2	davidgill1985 leahkeenan your going to be tamping etc etc come sunday evening, up the mackems
2	doosh5 can u tweet me updates from the warriors game tomorrow?
2	psa: since i got my cast off, i will be taking my 2k talents to the playstation network and asking for names to play me saturday morning!
2	thursday night football open thread - buccaneers vs. vikings: tonight, the tampa bay buccaneers will take on the...
2	free showing of the "lorax" this friday night after trunk or treat at j.p. riddle stadium.
2	australian directioners, little things will be played on the radio at 5pm on monday afternoon on the hits radio.
2	i dreamt i sat with maryrobinette at a star wars event, eating alinea's lamb 86, watching james lipton interview ralph mcquarrie.
2	rattlestick recommends imagining madoff! check it out on sunday at 3p at the jcc in manhattan! more info at
2	bbsr: autorickshaw union calls for 12-hr strike tomorrow in the city protesting against fuel price hike and cap on lpg odisha
2	pakistan to talk counterterrorism with us, afghans: pakistan's foreign minister revealed thursday that her country would soon hold co...
2	the earliest you can complete your 2013-2014 fafsa is january 1st and our priority deadline is march 1st. you must fill one out every year!
2	[fan-acc] 120921 incheon airport: while waiting to board the plane, dongwoo sat on top of woohyun's leg !! xd ~ (cr: weibo)
2	playstation network maintenance on october 15: services going offline, possibly to make way for the new ps store...
2	walk folder has monk charts/tracks fantomk_music ---- quartet session this saturday --- listen to the record
2	jcexplorer i'm planning a winter trip to okinawa and on my way back i want to stay a few days in saga and maybe fukuoka in early january.
2	and the new tomb raider has been given a release date, roll on march 5th.
2	it is a big day in henryville as students displaced by the march 2 tornadoes finally return to class at their new...
2	david_md1 free trial of nba league pass until nov 7th check it out on
2	teensara hahaha did you see how upset aj was during the susan g coleman segment on monday :/
2	check out some live jazz music from david taylor and tom ogunribido today from 12-2pm in the lpc student center 2nd floor dining area!
2	just read an article...e l james is writing a 4th book in the 50 shades series
2	all you need to know about the ref for sunday's game, martin atkinson: sunderland v newcastle nufc safc
2	rw wireshire us: sen john mccain called monday for us to begin another war with airstrikes on syria - breaking news buzz
2	only 2 non-chase drivers in the top 10 -- kyle busch in 4th and mark martin in 8th.nascar
2	dribblepasshoot ouch. yeah, seeing the lakers tomorrow will likely be enough. lol
2	please remember that the deadline for the 1st quarter box tops for education and our trash for cash fundraiser is...
2	top pct of rushing plays: sea 54.70%, hou 51.84%, wsh 51.07%, buf 47.92%, sf 47.85%... bears are 9th with 47.04%
2	baby stroller sale: safety 1st boost air protect booster car seat, dixie with cheap coupon code
2	$$ black friday deals canon ef 70-300mm f/4-5.6 is usm zoom lens with hoya uv filter + hood + accessory kit for ...
2	2nd day of vinoomankad u19:(odi): haryana, kerala, andhra, tn, mumbai, baroda, up won their matches against j&amp;k, kar, hyd,goa, mh,baroda,up
2	...move the remaining teams to the d leagues, champion, moves up to the 16 team league &amp; the 16th place team is bumped down to the d league
2	muchoforex new post - utilities stocks, including kinder morgan, making big moves on august 17.... read it now at
2	timmonsville's bubba huggins endorses tom rice in the june 26, 7th congressional district republican primary run...
2	spc is bring giuliana and bill rancic for breast cancer awareness month on october 30th in the gc ballrooms for a free event! check out...
2	arkansas state 3, ul 0 (10:29, 1st quarter) brian davis nails a 47-yard fg on the red wolves opening drive of the game. cajuns
2	gm3ek are you going to sjp tomorrow night pal?
2	wednesday's laugh: eskom: a little old lady answered a knock on the door one day, only to be confronted by a...
2	urban outfitters. 10% off with college id til sunday night. (doesnt matter how old it is). i hope someone brings their id from ages ago.
2	b2st's current nominated position for mama 2012 best male group (5th place) best global group (4th place) artist of the year (8th place)
2	heading to london bringing the sdtrk to shepard fairey - obeygiant's sound &amp; vision show friday stolenspaceldn at truman's brewery.
2	beenie man will be performing at echostage (dc star) next friday for the hu yardfest afterparty (18+ event) contact socayute for tickets
2	bashaara graves had 17 points and 15 rebounds in her debut with tennessee in an exhibition game on thursday. she played 23 minutes.
2	ufo sighting: black triangle sighting in perryton, texas on august 11th 2012 - dark triangle shape across the sk...
2	iditarod check-in: it's 8:45am ak time, where are you ? deedee jonrowe mushes on a swamp as the sun sets...
2	montgomery | selma inventor don chamberlain says he's running against incumbent u.s. rep. terri sewell in tuesday's general election to...
2	saya mengirim 166 foto di facebook dalam album "java jazz on the move, supermall karawaci"
2	everton news - krul will miss the monday night clash with everton and at least a further couple of ... - chroniclel...
2	boris johnson times. ed moans abt george going 1st class but david miliband travelled by royal jet. boris johnson
2	on a side note.. we have a show with call the shots and set the record on the 17th of november! get your tickets from oztix!
2	knicks vs celtics until they take out melo then gonna watch the yankees game. guess it's looking like a sports saturday night.
2	names of those shortlisted 4 interviews manyatta constituency by iebc, r pinned on the iebc notice board embu town.interviews this fri &amp; sat
2	wkd wednesday tonight, throwdownthursdays tomorrow night &amp; swag vs class saturday night at st david's cc all staring yours truely
2	january trip to boston to see the knicks vs celtics in the boston garden!
2	dhs college connection night - monday, 10/22 - 6:00, all purpose room! learn about fafsa, grants, work study and loan programs.
2	3 college reps on wednesday the 26th. otterbein, west liberty, and akron. sign up by 8 am if interested.
2	sa urged to save electricity - eskom urged south africans on thursday to save electricity to reduce demand on the gr...
2	all my coworkers go to brookwood. that's the only reason i may go to the game!
2	bjp must clarify charges against gadkari: congress - the congress wednesday asked the bharatiya janata party (bjp)...
2	us president wannabe rick santorum won the louisiana primary on saturday - breaking news buzz
2	mvc weekly release with playoff scenarios. uca can finish no higher than 5th and no lower than 6th:
2	3rd question: (time 3 minutes) what is the state flower of haryana? a. lotus b. rhododendron c. golden shower d. not declared
2	nick gillespie on real time with bill maher, friday 12/22, with kirk douglas, rachel maddow, mort zuckerman, &amp;amp; m...
2	i may or may not be obsessed with poetic justice.
2	capt and chloe were at the fall for horses event at the new jersey horse park on sunday in allentown, nj and had...
2	our tbox bartender, bill carter ( just published his 3rd book-"boom bust boom"- come meet the...
2	worldnews sales of e l james' much talked about fifty shades of grey trilogy fall for the first time in two mon...
2	icrc says working on contact with lebanese hostages: the international committee of the red cross said thursday ...
2	who is going to hammond friday or today
2	west indies players and kyle mills during a special presentation to the widow of runako morton on wednesday
2	way_too_dope_ they've been letting gregg williams go to the rams game they might let sean payton go to the game sunday, and loomis and vitt
2	dwayne bravo and darren sammy will donate their match fees from the 3rd odi to the wife of runako morton...!! wi
2	sat on a bench and my feet couldn't touch the ground. 1, drexel, shorter benches please. 2, god, 6'4" that's all im askin. asianboyproblems
2	don't forget, tomorrow is the annual general body meeting! come out to learn more about isat and the organizations we are affiliated with!
2	rajeevnath you say. sunday i'll be at the wikipedia women's workshop. can meet before or after that.
2	march 1st should be officiall national bieber day where we get a day off school.
2	i uploaded a youtube video kristin chenoweth arrives at the 2nd annual hero dog awards
2	joshsteen we're on a normal recording schedule again, mondays around 6:00pm eastern, would that work for you one monday? 2/2
2	sky picture of the day! sky clouds nature outside sun day nofilter instagood
2	iebc is prepared to hold the elections on 4th of march 2013- chairman
2	officially confirmed: tom boonen will ride at the olympics this saturday
2	maccartel412 looney412 jungphil609 just added to the june 15th show at rex theatre! tollybandz live!!!
2	the insider: south africa can steal a march with robot olympics pitch
2	monday night football is on tonight, right? nfl wishfulthinking
2	i'm going to cleveland tomorrow so i'll break up the losing streak. verlander may help.
2	rt duanebrown76: rt derrickward32: monday night football vs the jets 1st game of the year lets see what we are made of. road to indy f ...
2	i've got a blog post coming up tomorrow. topic? it's time to learn once and for all what curtis painter's got. start the man. colts
2	it's going to be a somber set tonight for curtis painter's nickelback cover band, something in your mouth.
2	hillmcgill does hank williams jr sing the song for monday night rugby, too?
2	where's a good place in studio city/la to watch monday night football tonight? lemme know!
2	watch monday night football tonight (& pre-game festivities) on espn. i'm in the intro with hank williams jr. starts at 6pm est. i will..
2	think i might go to the colts game tomorrow
2	djbamboozle well, he's 2nd in the al in era. he has a chance at the cy young, though verlander is probably ahead of him right now
2	letsgotribe must. get. innings. we must pile on and decimate their bullpen tonight! because with verlander, they won't need it tomorrow.
2	looking for something to do before the colts tomorrow nite? take the circle city tour -- $15 hop-on/hop-off access all day!
2	jzclesports i might be going thursday to see the end of the fausto carmona era in cle and to see verlander, straight filthy stuff
2	the final b-lg draft pick game is tonight on mnf (espn). sfgiantsfan55 (nyj) vs osunnyg (hou). current leader is ken with 27 pts.
2	lmao rt daveearl13: monday night football tonight.....the new york not yets vs. the houston texans
2	tomorrow during bachelor pad. rt lildzie: mortystv do you know if tonight they announce the cast for dwts???
2	rosaacosta noticed that you going to be in tampa tomorrow and wanted to see if we can do a q&a for metormix tampa bay and feature you ???
2	still need to watch the pilot for terra nova. maybe tomorrow...
2	curtis painter was asked in interviews today if as the lead singer of nirvana was getting the band back together.
2	redskins qb john beck will start friday against the colts despite a strong performance by rex grossman.
2	storms are starting to pop. storm motion today in tampa bay is nw at 10-15mph so if you see dark skies to your se...
2	colts backup qb curtis painter warming up. this could be it for kerry collins who may have a concussion. nfl colts
2	colts owner jim irsay will give $64,753 to victims fund in state fair tragedy = the total number of tickets distributed at tonight's game.
2	is this on tv again? "kugrlover: most of redskins starters will sit tonight vs tampa bay, but 1st ol will play as long as beck..."
2	on the night hank williams came to town.
2	"monday night football" teamtexans all day & tomorrow... mns
2	pierregarcon85 come out and watch those guys softball next saturday august 27th for the colts softball tournament,, it would be great
2	all blue and white fam, we r meeting at golden corral for dinner tonight at 6pm....
2	dec 21st 2012 will be know not as the end of the world but the baby boom! 2012shit
2	just arriving in madrid from moscow tomorrow going to hvar, croatia
2	just packing for a weekend in liverpool and the small matter of a marathon on sunday. first up though...blackpool illuminations!
2	by the end of today i will have worked 14hrs, done my workout and attended part of hot jam. hitting the ground running this monday.
2	check out this weeks the sixersbbl scoop column looking back on sat nights win over the thunder! smashemsixers bbl02
2	jonathan kozol is the leading author on educational advocacy and social equality. he will be on campus wednesday,...
2	de la soul's first serve project with live band debuts this thu 18th in meeting house square, onra supports on mpc
2	keccles653 i just googled it haha catelynn and tyler met first and butch and april have been married but they got divorced
2	anybody going to that 4th of july pool party in knollwood?
2	tunewiki "how to see the sun rise" by ben sollee
2	dr joe will kick off his australian tour with a lecture at the conscious club in sydney, australia, thursday, may 17!
2	save the date !! next saturday, the 14th of december, circoloco is back at showcase - paris live club with dan...
2	2013 marks the 100th birthday of the chelsea flower show. if you're heading to the uk in may, why not combine a...
2	a new work, threshold, will be read by the african american repertory theatre of virginia this friday at the...
2	check out what's happening at the san diego county fair (del mar fairgrounds) this saturday!
2	julissaslattery the friday we got off of thanksgiving break
2	just got word we are stopping back in pittsburgh before the tour heads to ohio june 29th partywiththepros
2	and you're all just going to have to accept the fact that i'll be slipping in and out of the liverpudlian accent tomorrow ok okay
2	parkdale students, take a break from homework and head to the polish festival! saturday and sunday only!
2	feels like a monday. ( fm kirby center for the performing arts)
2	watching jiujitsu matches all day long, getting ready for sunday!
2	anyone got peeps at harvard? going to hear jonathan kozol speak tomorrow. hoping they allow motorscooters at the bike racks?
2	youth soccer pictures are this saturday (10/13)! check out the youth soccer schedules on our website!
2	on 2nd thoughts let me watch the repeat show of styled to rock ! why am i not in this episode u get to design for kanye west cha :x
2	in a year focused on the summer olympics, winter olympian bodemiller received a win of another kind on august 23 read:
2	blue news: today i am going to dry out the show gear whilst the sun is out. it got very wet at the great yorkshire show
2	another event coming up soon for poe august 4th &amp; 5th at pomona fairplex. will fill you in soon!
2	cool out mondays goes down tomorrow night at the gin mill... 10-2 grown folks only!!
2	rushinyan 2nd dyz - acid black cherry - dir en grey - dog in the pwo - kiryu - maximum the hormone - nightmare - plastic tree - satan -
2	the curse that is sunday mornings at the nationals strikes again, drew 1 - 1 with barbarians but finish top of their league.
2	so i've been sat watching the junior champs not realizing the london grand prix was on -.-
2	mt oakartenthsiast: sculptors! have you submitted for new art park on telegraph &amp; 19th in oakland? 36 hours left!
2	nearly mid-october...best dust off the old misfits, nekromantix and nerve agents mp3's ready for their token halloween week listening ghoul
2	today's thermomix creations, vanilla fudge for the scout fundraiser, moggill markets this saturday, bread rolls for lunches tomorrow!
2	pompeynev sunday's stage is one for sprinters - who will be way down the classification so no threat to maillot jaune.
2	bizarre fact: remembrance sunday (tomorrow, peeps!) shares the record for joint longest televised annual event with the chelsea flower show
2	veteran day video makes me think of 5th grade mylife
2	i will be tapping stone brewing "enjoy by ipa" tomorrow at bleu_restaurant. we've got till 12/21/12 to drink it.
2	my piece on mehdi hasan &amp; abortion on guardian: "yes, being pro-life does make you less of a lefty"
2	well, i guess this is the last monday i can blame gin mill for my hangover.
2	stringsmusic1 check us out renditiontv airs every friday on the cw network and covers charleston, sc to brunswick, ga
2	wetherby reading club. 11 sept, 2.00 - 3.30pm, wetherby library. places are limited. please contact the library for details: 01937 583 144
2	bluemoon on deck! friday morning with da bro and best friend the gin mill
2	youth soccer continues this saturday. check with chandra farnsworth if you need schedules and times.
2	rival schools has just announced their australian tour dates this september. tickets on sale june 15.
2	girlfriendmag model search tomorrow between 9am-12.30pm at westfield parramatta. applications available on the day.
2	fact: trying to escape the bed in the morning may require some expertise in jiujitsu.
2	just watched pulled apart by horses &amp; band of skulls, &amp; am about to see eagles of death metal! 19th birthday shenanigans officialrandl
2	found footage festival: hey, whatever happened to that vhs tape?... sunday, september 9th, the creative alliance...
2	i just noticed mysa squared us in our friday game (-__-)
2	lufc_soccer gators soccer wins 12th sec title: the three points earned put florida on top with 33 ... youth soccer
2	2016 summer olympics will be in brazil, the 6th largest economy in the world. crazy fact: fewer than 15% of roads in brazil are paved.
2	this sat., i'll be at the whole earth festival in davis, ca. chatting with kim stanley robinson about sf and the environment, from 1-3pm.
2	highest accumulations from snowsqualls tonight to tomorrow would be between bayfield and grand bend along hwy 21 &amp; se to stratford onstorm
2	rocketsocceram one for 3rd eye arsenal v olympiakos vermalen falls off the crossbar into the olympiakos goal around 60th minute
2	a love affair with alliums - vancouver sun: a love affair with alliumsvancouver sunat the chelsea flower show, w...
2	i've not read mehdi hasan's article yet. when i do i may owe some people an apology. however, we need to keep in mind the role of religion.
2	climbing mount snowdon tonight, have a feeling a may need crampons, can someone ask beargrylls if he has any spare i could borrow?
2	come see the performing arts institute performance of "west side story" at the kirby center in wilkes barre pa on august 2 and 3 at 8 pm
2	who else is going to see catelynn and tyler at anthony hall on thursday?
2	seanjohngerard gmurph25 tompcotter it's decent but not +3 standard yet, teeing it up at mj on monday. how'd you play at lough erne?
2	uber socialist mehdi hasan on bbcqt panel for 5th time since ge10 - more than any other panelist. does he have a season ticket??
2	"i'm going to citizens for public schools, inc. - jonathan kozol 30th anniversary cps lecture event - go signup!"
2	who's going to be our penalty taker next season? i'd go for vermalen or cazorla 3rd choice podolski arsenal afc
2	psf_steelreign smackboyc blue murder's 1st album. 6 degrees of separation with whitesnake, king kobra, vanilla fudge and rod stewart
2	click "like" if you're excited to hear our copper river salmon special! check back tomorrow, 5/25, for more...
2	tapatio lemon chips, thanksgiving leftovers and pimento cheese ...: if it's friday and this post is going up, it...
2	jump in your car now! tomorrow is the last day for star wars weekends!
2	limaland motorsports park tomorrow night to watch the woo light it up.. then heading to eldora speedway for the...
2	who wants to go see catelynn and tyler from teen mom with me on thursday???
2	what i just realized re retribution the date it came out here in the uk matched the day jill set off to escape raccoon city september 28th
2	barbarians 29 ireland xv 28 - highlights - the barbarians defeated ireland 29-28 with a last-gasp penalty on tuesday...
2	excda bryanadams bryan's australian tour is on april 2013 i just bought the tickets yesterday for the sydney concert are you going?
2	whatthe_sam626 remember i was telling you about catelynn and tyler coming to my school well they are coming tomorrow
2	lcole19 wheaters91 brad miss 5th pen, vermalen to draw and go sudden death! but he misses and bradford are thru! capitalonecup bantams
2	david sedaris at winspear opera house on april 23. buy tickets before they go on sale to the general public tomorrow.
2	sun is setting in sarajevo. split and then hvar next in the plan :-d
2	you can catch these guys performing late night at the gin mill and grille in northampton, pa this friday!! this...
2	it's not all about football. how about a spain v italy cook-off between omar allibhoy and antonio carluccio on sunday?
2	just started an fm13 game as hibs. beat hearts in the edinburgh derby in my 2nd match:
2	blackpool illuminations are the the biggest temporary light show in the world. this is between 31 august - 4...
2	saturday saw the 1st xi win and go joint top on points with lechlade. 2nds and 3rds both abandoned! fb
2	we also wrap up our discussion of the summer olympics, present our weekly box office report &amp; discuss how 2 of nbc's fall shows may be doa.
2	alejandrah_s no where yet i just moved back i gotta go enrole tomorrow but im about to go to grad connect.
2	a 355-pound woman works to lose weight so she can start a family on emwl, abc sunday at 9pm
2	and the filets!! 1st copper river salmon of the season!
2	that game saw kenny lofton clinch the pennant for the giants with a single to score david bell in the 9th.
2	check out some recently tagged photos of art from the san diego county fair (del mar fairgrounds), all thanks to...
2	btwcelticshow download of the wkend. just coz runrig are playing in inverness after game tomorrow. "dance called america - live" by runrig.
2	in the news! the ballad of emmett till in mysa by deborah martin. see the final performance on sunday 3:00....
2	imyoonique she is the new member beside danee. the 8th member.
2	in other news, tune in to maxmusictv tonight at 11.30pm for "take 5 with slash" &gt; australian tour goes on sale friday 9am
2	a player appearance will be taking place tomorrow at westfield parramatta. all the details are here: gowanderers
2	fire in the ashes: 25 years among the poorest children in america by jonathan kozol comes out tues, avail for pre-order
2	short week at the tdr shop in nc...tomorrow we will head to eldora speedway for the 42nd annual running of the...
2	at the semis of us national cups. red stars keeping the suspense down 0-1 in the 25th. c'mon stars! [pic]:
2	fireworks finale at the 2012 san diego county fair at del mar. video from my phone:
2	tomorrow is international talk like a pirate day. have i left it too late to become fluent in somali? topsomalianlies
2	writer keith giffen will take on threshold, a new ongoing series launching in january that explores the cosmic ...
2	photo friday: kurt shot this image at the winspear opera house, downtown dallas... photography
2	it's saturday in the bay and our shop is open from 10am till 2pm. our amazing intern, melissa is art park
2	martin1williams by becoming the 1st briton to win the maillot jaune and the kom the same year? say, chris froome for instance.
2	danielwright10 petewright1988 any thoughts on lough erne on friday? looks like my only day off before christmas puttingitoutthere
2	the jimmy mcgovern doc just highlights everything that was released on wed 'do you think id protect people if i thought they'd kill me son?'
2	george benson and chaka khan perform live at the l.a. county fair, pomona fairplex, thu, sep 13 7:30pm, 50% off,
2	is anyone going to runrig tomorrow
2	for those in the dc area, check out the living earth festival on the mall - this saturday and sunday.
2	"breaking pointe", reality tv about ballet, featuring my client ballet west, premieres on the cw thursday 5/31 at 8pm:
2	i'm gonna start listening to metric now, so i can see them at bluesfest on the 15th.
2	at the creative alliance for the 1st time to see a screening of directing dissent about john roemer. full from mathews pizza. datenight
2	watched the mens 100m at the london grand prix sure michael frater didnt have any underwear on he looked like his 3rd leg was hanging free
2	tune into the kicx winning weekend with neilanthonylive 4 your chance 2 c doc_walker next saturday at the kee to bala aboard the kicx bus
2	just a few of the 300+ haikudecks created in the last 24 hours: violet's 3rd birthday, langa vulindela reading club, want shiny hair?
2	spending a rainy saturday afternoon in the shops kitchen making a new crumbly vanilla fudge, rain like in tennis can effect play.
2	sacramento area supporters - we'll be at the whole earth festival at uc davis in the quad on may 12th and 13th.
2	trip begs bree to tell him what happened the night of alejandro's murder as in the series finale of desperatehousewives, abc sunday at 9pm
2	wilw visiting from seattle and going to check out stone brewing tomorrow. i'll say hi from you sir.
2	got 2nd row tix for primus at the kirby center! 1st concert tour in 3d with surround sound!
2	kenny lofton, who makes his debut on the hall of fame ballot today, is the 1st former arizonawildcats to ever appear on a hoff ballot.
2	if you don't have your tickets to tomorrow nights eric church concert at the maverik center then get them now,...
2	brisfest brings live music and the festival spirit back to bristol on 22 &amp; 23 sept. de la soul, roni size &amp; loads more
2	joalwayss you want sat go art park?
2	youth soccer tonight at double play wednesday night. kinder kickers for ages 3-6 is from 5-5:45pm....ages 7-10...
2	carly rae jepsen rolling up at the pomona fairplex. nbd. yes, the average age at the concert may have been 1
2	see marcello giordani in concert on feb 2 w/ the dallas opera orchestra winspear opera house for only $25.
2	the democratic union of madrasha army takes full control in raccoon city.: thu oct 20, 3083. after the attack, t...
2	from the twitter just now from rndm: "rndm has a beef with pearl jam radio on siriusxm channel 22. tune in thurs...
2	its going down this saturday at rum runners st cloud...btw where the party at tonight?
2	neon splash dance on thursday surrendervegas with sounds by iamdallask! neon attire highly encouraged. bring your bikini! splashdance
2	as you might have seen, the great yorkshire show is cancelled tomorrow. all children in school at normal time please
2	mariemarie0 are you in the land of my fathers*? (*just the one father. ignore what you may have read of liverpudlian sexual mores)
2	learn how to make soup with danny elfman's recipe:
2	enriquemantica we are done for the rest if the day. tomorrow we will be in hollywood's art park for dinner
2	ep 126: psychobilly friday from space! - terminal signal: psychobilly from mad sin, nekromantix and the quakes!...
2	bill cosby live at the winspear opera house on june 9th! billcosby
2	silver lining: even if you missed their performance at the creative alliance on august 12, you can still enjoy the...
2	hope to see everyone at eldora speedway tomorrow for the full ump nationals event! this evenings events have been...
2	nov 11, boston celebrity chef class - what to do with thanksgiving leftovers: the bcae teams up with local food ...
2	will be on abc sunday night 10pm with dr joe tucci &amp; prof liz handsley re sexualisation &amp; commercialisation of kids
2	thailand parcels packed with ammunition and illicit drugs were friday intercepted at songkhla's hat yai post of...
2	bumblingbilly a de la soul song you may have heard!
2	wow friday that was quick - charity dog walk tonight for guidedogs if you're going through blackpool illuminations tonight give us a honk
2	jorijenae how are things in "vegas"? when do you start "monday"? do you know where you're shooting? fox, universal, warners, paramount? lol
2	left over halloween candy is probably past it's expiration, right? that's what i'll tell my kids when they see the empty wrappers tomorrow.
2	live semi-finals this thursday night 9-10pm on cw network. america votes. please share with friends. teamjordan
2	esthercarodan nicole r, jov, two capistranos, kait, me, danee, tuesday, and more... not sure of the others
2	star wars weekends may be over, but the "carbon-freeze me" experience is still open through june 16!
2	just got an e-mail from eldora speedway with the 2013 kings royal dates, july 12-13. kingsroyal
2	its dat time of the year again, playoff futbol for our sundays team, quater finals tomm, we on team curfew 4 rest of playoffs on sat nights
2	elviofernandes do we know who is gonna play bass for daughtry on the tour with 3 doors down see you again on dec 1st in binghamton ny
2	have you watched rihanna 's new fashion tv show 'styled to rock' 1st episode? no? here's the link
2	sunday itv1 10:20pm jimmy mcgovern's docudrama hillsborough. harrowing but shows how media can question authority and bring about change
